# 精听 01 

## 词汇

accomplish：v. 完成

effectively：adv. 有效的

willpower：n. 意志力

span：n. 持续时间

productive：adj. 生产力高的

combination：n. 混合

metabolism：n. 新陈代谢

account：n. 账户

meditate：v. 冥想

visualize：v. 想象



## 全文

Having success and being able to **meet one's goals** requires knowledge, a sense of direction, hard work and resources. Some people might add to that list luck, connections and perherps a strong belief in youself. we accomplish our goals one step at a time, doing little each day. so using you day effectively is important. Here are five ideas on how to start your day off right.

1. get up and hour early

People who get up early in the morning have a jump on the day. For starters, they're awake! And some studies show that our willpower and attention span are strongest in the morning. In Fact, the morning may be the most productive part of you day.

2. Drink a glass of water with lemon juice

While your coffee is being prepared or while you are waiting for your tea water to heat up,  drink a glass of water with lemon juice. Why? Health experts say that drinking a combination of lemon juice and water first thing in the morning jump-starts the body's metabolism. Not only does it jump-start your body's cells, but this kind of drink keeps them moving throughtout the day.

3. Don't answer email or jump into social media as soon as you get up.

your coffee or tea is ready. So, you decide to look at your email quickly or open up you Facebook account. Well, don't. This is a great way to forget about the day.

4. Exercise!

Some people may disagree with this one. Exercising in the morning may not be for everyone. Some people like to exercise after work or at night. Physical fitness experts and trainers ofter suggest some form of exercise in the morning beacuse in the middle of the day is a busy time for most people.

5. Think about your day ... at night

<u>Meditate, visualize -- whtatever you call it -- **take time** at the end of the day **to** **think back on** all the things that have happened</u>. **Give thanks**, if you want. And spend a little time to think about tomorrow. If you did one thing,  that means you are one step closer in reaching one of your goals.  And if you follow this advice, at least you've already gotten your exercise out of the way.



## 用法

Having success and being able to **meet one's goals** requires knowledge, a sense of direction, hard work and resources

1） meet one's goals：实现某人的目标

2）a sense of：... 感

a sense of humor 幽默感；a sense of belonging 归属感。

3）one step at a time：一次一步；一步一个脚印

one day at a time：(日子) 一天天过

I've been throught a lot of changes recently, but I've learned to take it one day at a time.

4）start (sth) off：使开始

The new policies start off a riot in the city

5）have/get a jump on sth：在...上获得先发优势

I like to leave work early on Fridays so I can get a jump on the traffic

6）be for some：为了某人；合适某人

Getting up early is not for someone like me.

7）take time to……：花时间去做……

Broken bones always take time to heal

8）think back on sth：回想、反省(关于)某事

It might help you to understand Julia if you think back to when you were her age.

- take your time：慢慢来，不着急

9）Give thanks：表示感谢

We should all give thanks when others offer help.

- Thanksgiving：感恩节



## 问答

今天的每日一问来啦

```
Having success and being able to meet one’s goals requires knowledge, a sense of direction, hard work and resources.
```

这个句子的主语是什么呢？除了传统的名词和代词之外，还有什么成分可以作主语呢？

这个句子的谓语是requires，而Having success and being able to meet one’s goals是动名词，相当于一个名词成分，作句子的主语。除了名词和代词之外，动名词、不定式、从句等都可以作主语。





# 精听 02 Don't 



## 全文

What is the best way to watch someone who is telling a lie? For a long time, the traditional method of identifying liars was to watch their body language, including facial expressions. What if a person apears to nervous? What if the person appears to be nervous? Is the person unable to look me in the eye? Is he or she looking around the room? What about other nervous movements, such as fidgeting or shfiting from side to side?

Many people--from parents to police officers and airport security personnel -- depend on this method. But does 





## 问答

```
Their investigation took place at one place where lying can get you into big trouble – an airport.
```

在这个句子中，where的作用是什么？

