# 精听 21：Know When to be Injured

## 词汇

- sustain：v. 遭受
- circadian：adj. 生理节奏
- rhythm：n. 节奏的
- repair：v. 修复
- examine：v. 检测
- database：n. 数据库
- individual：adj. 个体的
- determine：v. 决定
- confirm：v. 证实
- implication：n. 影响
- surgical：adj. 外科的

## 全文

A new study suggests that the timing of a wound affects the speed  at which it heals. Wounds suffered during the day heal around 60 percent faster than those sustained at night. The study showed how the body's circadian rhythm controlled the healing of wounds. The circadian rhythm is like a clock or timer. It tells our bodies when to wake up, eat and sleep in a cycle -- a series of activities that  repeat themselves day after day. Each cycle lasts about 24 hours.

In the study, researchers found that skin cells moved faster to repair wounds sustained during the day. The researchers examined cells, mice, and burn injury databases. Specifically, their investigation found the following  information: Nighttime burns - burns suffered between 9 o'clock at night and 8 o'clock the next morning - were 95 percent healed after an average of 28 days. But after an average of 17 days, daytime burns - burns sustained between 8 o'clock in the morning and 8 at night - were 95 percent healed. In other words, nighttime injuries took an average of 11 day longer to heal.

The scientists say that circadian clocks play an important part in healing. Circadian clocks control many cells in the body and affect many biological processes, including sleeping. John O'Neil was a co-eader of the study. "This is the first time  that the circadian clock within individual cells has been shown to determine how effectively they respond to injuries," he said. Wounds are very costly to treat. Worldwide, billions of dollars are spent every year on wound- treatment services. Experts say the high costs result, in part, from a lack of drugs that speed up the closure of wounds.

The findiings , if confirmed by other studies, could have important implications for surgical operations and wound- healing medicines.  John Blaikley works at Britains Universtiy of Manchester. He said the new study's findings could help scientists develop better drugs. The findings, he added, could also help doctor understand the best time of day to do surgery or give medicine.

## 词组

1）circadian rhythm：昼夜节奏

2）the healing of wounds：伤口的愈合(过程)

The circadian rhythm is often referred to as our "body clock"：昼夜节奏经常被称作"身体生物钟"

3）a series of ……：一系列的……

4）day after day：日复一日

5）day by day：一天天的

I keep taking care of the injured rabbit day after day so the rabbit is recoveriing day by day. 我日复一日的坚持照料着受伤的兔子，所以他在一天天的康复

6）play an important part/role in：在……起到重要的作用/扮演重要角色

She played a key role in campaigning for equal opportunities in the workplace. 她在工作场所中争取平等机会的运动中扮演着重要的角色。

7）link verb + adj. + to do sth：做什么会怎么样

He is going through a tough time and has become very hard to get along with：他正在经历难熬的时光，已经变得十分难以相处。

8）result from……：起因于……

9）in part/partly：部分的；在某种程度上

10）speed (sth.) up：加速

We're hoping the changes will help speed things up a bit.：我们希望这些改变可以让事情进展快一点儿。

11）be comfirmed by……：被……证实

The capture of the thieves has been comfirmed by the police：窃贼被捕的事得到了警方的证实

12）have important implications for：对……有着重要的启示

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/xh4M3_4voOOYoPryTxEVXA

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/21：Know When to be Injured.mp3"/>
</audio>



# 精听 22：Art in Suitcases

## 词汇

- suitcase：n. 手提箱
- fascinate：v. 使着迷
- glamorous：adj. 迷人的
- weep：v. 哭泣
- collateral：adj. 附属的
- refugee：n. 难民
- representation：n. 描绘
- immigrant：n. 移民
- belongings：n. 所属物
- collectively：adv. 全体地
- leftover：adj. 剩余的
- architecture：adj. 建筑学的
- miniature：adj. 微型的
- skyline：n. 天际线

## 全文

Syrian-born artist Mohamed Hafez creates littles worlds inside of suitcases. One of his art works looks like a building that was blown open by a bomb. It has small pieces of clothing among the destruction to represent the people who once lived there. "I think the human eye is fascinated by the detail of destruction," he explains. "We are always curious to find out what happened." Hafez's art works show the damage caused by the seven-year civil war in his native Syira. "There's nothing glamorous about destruction," Hafez says, "but I use it as a way for me to heal and creatively weep over the destruction."

His art show, called "Collateral Damage," is being held at the Fairfield University Museum in Fairfield, Connecticut. It has artwork representing Syria before the war, Syria during the war and the experience of refugees. Hafez's representation of the refugee experience has won recgonition in the past few years. One reason is that the small scenes are placed in real suitcases - ones once carried by the refugees as the fled. "A lot of people came to me with their parent's and grandparents' suitcases." said Hafez. He added that the suitcases reminded people of their own immigrant history. Some of the suitcases go back to the 1800s. As the "belongings of yesterday's immigrants," they play a part in telling "the story of today's immigrants to remind us collectively that hsitory could repeat itself," Hafez said.

Hafez is an immigrant himself. He brings his own understanding of the refugee experience. Born in Damascus, Syria, he grew up in Saudi Arabia. He arrived in the U.S. 15 years ago as an architecture student. He came on a single-entry visa, which meant he could not go home for the first eight years. "This has caused a lot of homesickness and longing to the beautiful country that I have left. I started using leftove materials from architectureal model making. And I started remodeling old Damascus and old Aleppo in miniature form." Hafez believes he is providing something for "the American skylines" as a Syrian and Muslim. 

## 词组

1）there is nothing……about……：……没有什么……可言

There is nothing special about the film：这部电影没有什么特别的

2）weep over……：为……哭泣/哀悼

There is no point in weeping over something that you can't do anything about：为无能为力的事情而哭泣是没有意义的

3）win/gain recognition：获得认可

His performance in the Olympics has won public recognition：他在奥运会上的表现获得了公众的认可

4）remind sb of sth：使某人想起……

The song always reminds me of our first date. 这首歌总使我回忆起我们第一次约会

5）play a part in (doing) sth：参与………；发挥作用

They have worked very hard, but luck has played a part in their success too. ：他们工作很努力，但运气也起了一定作用。

6）longing to/ for……：对……的渴望之情

She was overwhelmed with the longing to go home. 他非常渴望回家。

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/ASqlNEzsWLU-OPCQnXw4Ug

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/22：Art in Suitcases.mp3"/>
</audio>



# 精听 23：Tattoo Fever

## 词汇

- tattoo：n. 纹身
- criminal：n. 犯罪
- laser：n. 激光
- booming：adj. 繁荣的
- soar：v. 猛增
- identity：n. 个性
- intricate：adj. 复杂的
- pattern：n. 图案
- rite：n. 仪式
- mummy：n. 木乃伊
- remarkable：adj. 引人注目的
- depict：v. 描绘
- mythological：adj. 神化的
- leopard：n. 豹
- dermatologist：n. 皮肤科医生

## 全文

Tattos are no longer the sign of a sailor, soldier or criminal. They are wildly popular. In American today.  lots of people are getting tattoos -- especially younger people. Forty percent of men and women aged 26 to 40 years old have at least one tattoo, according to Astanza, a laser technology company. As a result, the American tattoo business is booming. In 1960, there were only about 50 professional tattoo artists in the United States, reproted The Atlantic.  By 1995, that number had soared to over 10,000. Today, IBISWorld reprots there were are almost 55,000 people working as tattoo artists in the U.S.

What's driving the wild popularity of tattoos? It could be a search for identity. "Tattoos , recent research suggest, don't just experss indentity, they help define it," writes Chris Weller in the Atlantic. In an area of  rapid and unpredicatable change, driven by technology, a tattoo can be a source of stability and permanence.This is particularly true for Milennials, who grew up with the internet, notes Weller. "Body art has taken on greater significance, and people want their ink to say something about who they are," he writes.

Tattoos are made by using a needle or other sharp instrument to inject various colors of ink into the skin. Modern tattoos have intricate patterns and use a wide range of colors. Decorating the body with tattoos is an ancient art that dates back to the Stone Age. Tattoos have been found in every part of the world. In many cultures, they are used for decoration, rites of passage or signs of status. In Russia, for example, a 2,500-year-old mummy of a Siberian princess was found about two decades age, sporting "remarking tattoos," wrote The Siberian Times. Some depicted mythological animals, a snow leopard, and a deer. They were strikingly similar to designs of modern tattoos. 

The tattoos removal business has grown along with the popularity of tattoos. As many as half of all people who get tattoos later get them removed, reports the Washington Institute of Dermatologic Laser Surgery. Dermatologists use laser treatments to get rid of tattoos, which range from \$ 3350 for a small tattoo, up to \$1,000 or more for a large one.

## 词组

1）soar to……：飙升至……；激增至……

The cost of living continued to soar：生活成本持续飙升

2）drive the wild popularity：驱动着狂热的受欢迎程度

The wild popularity of the body band is driven by a large group of crazy fans：这个男团疯狂的热度是一群狂热的粉丝在维持着

3）a search for identity：对身份认同的探寻

4）a era of……：……的时代

5）a source of……：一种……的来源

Snakes are regarded as a source of food in some parts of the world. 这世界的某些地方，蛇是一种食物来源

6）take on：承担；呈现

Peter Park took on greater responsibility after becoming Spider-man. 彼得帕克在成为蜘蛛侠之后承担了更大的责任

7）a wide range of……：大范围的；各种不同的……

Sun Li is such an excellent actor that she can play a wide range of characters：孙俪是一个很优秀的演员，可以出演各种各样的角色。

8）date back to……：追溯至……

This tradition dates back to medieval times. 这一传统可以追溯至中世纪。

9）get rid of……：摆脱；除去

I can't seem to get rid of this cold. 我的感冒好像总也好不了

I want to get rid of him. 我想摆脱他。

## 问答

```
“In Russia, for example, a 2,500-year-old mummy of a Siberian princess was found about two decades ago, sporting ‘remarkable tattoos’, wrote The Siberian Times.”
```

在这句话中，“sporting ‘remarkable tattoos’”是什么成分呢？

"句中“sporting 'remarkable tattoos'”是主语补足语，对从句的主语“a 2,500-year-old mummy of a Siberian princess”进行补充说明的作用，修饰的是具体的事物，所以并非状语（状语须修饰动词或者全句）。sport在此处是熟词僻意，作及物动词，表示“展示”、“夸耀”的意思。

这里是主补而非定语的原因在于：补语只起到补充说明的作用，而定语起到限定的作用。如果把这一部分理解为定语，那就说明除了“sporting 'remarkable tattoos'”之外还有其他的mummy，而这与句意不合。所以这里只理解为补语，而不是定语。"

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/4nI5qdq4kneXAnv-wWCPHg

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/23：Tattoo Fever.mp3"/>
</audio>



# 精听 24：VR Therapy

## 词汇

- autoimmune：adj. 自身免疫的
- tissue：n. 组织
- joint：n. 关节
- allergic：adj. 过敏的
- painkiller：n. 止痛药
- virtual：adj. 虚拟的
- therapy：n. 疗法
- ease：n. 轻松
- breathe：v. 呼吸
- crystal：n. 水晶
- intestinal：adj. 肠道的
- disorder：n. 紊乱
- nervousness：n. 紧张

## 全文

Amanda Greene lives with pain.  Greene says her pain comes from lupus, an autoimmune disease that attacks her organs and tissues. "If I don't have nerve pain, I might have joint pain.  If I'm not having joint pain, I might have headaches." She tried taking medicine and other treatments, but she suffered and allergic reaction to opioids, a strong painkiller. Now Amanda Greene is trying something different.

It is called "virtual reality" therapy. Virtual reality, or VR, is growinig in popularity in video gaming and some training programs. The person wears specials equipment that covers the eyes. Inside, he or she sees images and hears sounds coming from a computer program. The experience makes people feel as if they are in the picture they are watching. For Greene, virtual experience helped her feel more at ease and trained her to breathe in a special way. She saw a tree ,crystals, and her breath as she was guided to breathe in and out. "It worked. It works for me."

Brennan Spiegel is a doctor who treats patients with stomach pain and intestinal problems. He says these disorders are sometimes connected to a person's mental health. VR can help, he explains, by changing the messages in the brain and nervous system. Spiegel is the director of Heath Services Research at Cedars-Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles, California. He heads Cedars-Sinai's virtual reality program, where more than 2,500 patients have been treated. Spiegel said more than 100 hospitals nationwide are using VR to help patients control pain and nervousness. He added that more countries are taking an interest in VR, and doctors are beginning to develop policies on how to use the technology in health care.

Brennan Spiegel says the aim is not to have the patients stay in their virtual world forever. The idea , he says, is for people to learn in VR that they can control their bodies, and that the mind matters. And then, people can use those skills when they need it., in the real world.

## 词组

1）suffer/have an allergic reaction to……：对……产生过敏反应

She had a severe allergic reaction to the drug. 她对这种药产生了严重的过敏反应

2）grow/gain/increase in popularity：越来越受欢迎

Extreme sports are growing in popularity：极限运动越来越受欢迎

3）feel at ease：感到自在；不拘束

She feel completely at ease with her parents：她和父母在一起感到很自在

4）breathe in/out：吸气/呼气

We breathe in air and breathe out carbon dioxide：我们吸入空气，排除二氧化碳

5）take an interest in sth：对……产生兴趣

Badies soon begin to take an interest in the world around them. 婴儿很快就开始对周围的事物产生了兴趣

6）develop policies on sth：制定关于……的政策

7）the aim is (not) to do sth：目标(不)是 ……

The main aim of the course is to improve your listening skills.：这一课程的目的是提高听力能力。

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/B8M5v9CFOBx8P_DExf551Q

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/24：VR Therapy.mp3"/>
</audio>



# 精听 25：Baby Shark

## 词汇

- release：v. 发布
- animation：n. 动画
- offering：n. 产品
- autism：n. 自闭症
- nonprofit：adj. 非盈利的
- catchy：adj. 吸引人的
- predictable：adj. 可预见的
- capture：v. 吸引
- occupy：v. 占据
- license：n. 许可证
- guarantee：n. 保证

## 全文

The  late-night television host, carpool karaoke king and father of three young children was taking  about the children's song "Baby Shark." Maybe you have not heard the song, but that seems impossible.In 2015, a South Korean educational content maker, Pinkfong, released its first "Baby Shark" video. Later, it broke the internet with a version that mixed animation and two loveable human kids.  The video shows them dancing to the story of a shark family, K-popstyle. The video has more than 2 billion views on YouTube. A group called Super Simple also has well-loved versons of the song, and YouTube provides a huge number of other "Baby Shark"  offerings to choose from.

Some parents of special needs kids think "Baby Shark" is more than fun. They argue it has helped their young ones. Holly Anderson of  the U.S. state Utah is a mother of four. Her 3-year-old son has autism, a disorder that can affect social skills, speech and other areas. Anderson said her son "has a very difficult time staying still, even for a moment, and usually spends his time running around in therapy." But she said the "Baby Shark" song and video helps her son calm down. 

Bob Cunningham is an educator and adviser for the nonprofit Understood.org. He praised "Baby Shark" as catchy and colorful. He added, "Both the music and the animation are predictable, with repeated words , phrases, colors and movements." The combinations can capture and keep children's attention,  even for children who have trouble paying attention, Cunningham said. The song and video also occupy most of the senses at the same tine and combine language with music and movement. 

In additon to being famous, "Baby Shark" sells. A Montreal-based company,WowWee, has a Pinkfong license for North America to sell the shark family in soft toys. The toys sing when pressed in the middle. The online marketplace Amazon took orders for the toys with guarantee that they would arrive by Christmas. WowWee's chief technology officer, Davin Sufer, said they sold out in less than three days. He said of the song, "Your hear it once or twice and you hear yourself singing, 'doo doo doo doo doo doo.' I could see maybe parents getting a little tired of it, but kids aren't."

## 词组

1）be more than + adj.：不只是……

I'm more than happy to be here：我来到这儿不仅仅是开心

2）young ones：儿童；孩子们

3）have a difficult/hard time doing：做什么有困难

4）stay still：保持不动

I'm having such a difficult time staying still because I'm extremely anxious：我很难静下来，因为我实在是太焦虑了

5）capture and keep someone's attention：抓住并保持某人的注意力

6）have trouble doing：做什么事有困难

The new teacher has trouble keeping children's attention：新来的老师很难保持孩子们的注意力

7）occupy the senses：(占用)调动感官

8）combine……with……：结合……与……

I want combine the red flowers with the pink ones for a bouquet：我想把红色的花和粉色的花组合在一起做成花束

9）in addition to……：除……之外，还有……

10）sth. sells……：……叫卖；卖得好；受欢迎

The new mobile phone really sells. 新款的手机很叫卖

11）sell out / be sold out：售罄

 The new movie is such a hit that all of its tickets have been sold out. 新电影很火所以票都卖光了。

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/1MbooQbA_hUnKdFZjJq9Ww

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/25：Baby Shark.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 26：Bad Effects of Gadget Overuse

## 词汇

- straight：adv. 直的
- slouch：v. 无精打采
- concerned：adj. 担心的
- therapist：n. 治疗师
- chronic：adj. 慢性的
- posture：n. 姿势
- estimate：v. 估计
- gadget：n. 小器械
- bend：v. 弯曲
- strain：v. 拉紧
- unplug：v. 拔掉

## 全文

Most children have heard their parents at one time or another yell "sit up straight!" or "don't slouch!" In the past, this was usually heard at the dinner table as children ate dinner. But these days, it is also heard around another acitvity  - video games. Ten-year old Owaish Batliwalla, from Mumbai, India, admits he spends three or four hours each day playing games on this tablet computer. His mother Mehzabin become concerned when her son started saying that his neck hurt. 

Sadia Vanjara is a physical therapist. She says the number of young children wtih chronic pain in their necks, arms and shoulders is on the rise. Dr. Vanjara says the pain is not from aging, accidents or disease. It  is from poor posture, or body position, while  playing video games. This is a problem in many parts of the world. But there are more smartphone users in India than anywhere else in the world, except China. Networking equipment company Cisco estimates that the number of smartphone users in India will increase from 140 million today to 651 million by 2020.

19-year old student Nida Jameel says she feels pain in the finger which holds the weight of her smartphone most of the day. She says she uses her smartphone 24/7. This means 24 hours a day, seven days a week, or all the time. Dr. Vanjara says the best treatments for the pain are daily exercises. Correct posture can help prevent pain. Dr. Vanjara teaches children how to hold their gadgets correctly. She tells a patient to hold the gadget in front of the face. She says that bending the head down to look at the devices, strains the neck and creates an unhealthy bend to the back.

Sadia Vanjara predicts we will see not only physical but psychological and emotional problems resulting from overuse of gadgets. Experts adivse taking breaks from using a computer or other device often. Stand up. Stretch your legs, back, shoulders and arms. And when your work or school work is doen, unplug and exercise.

## 词组

1）on the rise：增加/上升

Commodity prices are on the rise again. 物价又上涨了

2）treatment for/of sth：对……的治疗

The best treatment for a cold is to rest and drink lots of fluids：治疗感冒的最佳方法时休息和多喝水

3）bend sth down：使某物弯曲

4）bend down：弯腰；蹲下

I bend down to lift  the box off the floor. 我弯腰把地上的箱子提起来

5）result from sth：由于；因……而导致

His difficulty in walking results from a childhood illness. 他走路不便是儿时患病导致的

6）take a break/breaks from：从……中离开，取得休息

Doctors recommend that kids take breaks from using digital devices every 20 minutes. 医生建议孩子看电子设备时，每 20 分钟就得休息一次。

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/cBCNvixUfcs7NVRNjdL47A

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/26：Bad Effects of Gadget Overuse.mp3"/>
</audio>



# 精听 27：MeatBalls Around the World

## 词汇

- meatball：n. 肉丸
- ostrich：n. 鸵鸟
- ingredient：n. 原料
- roast：v. 烤
- stuff：v. 填塞
- deep-fry：v. 油炸
- gravy：n. 肉汁
- pasta：n. 意大利面
- finely：adv. 精细地
- chewy：adj. 有嚼劲的
- springy：adj. 有弹性的
- pairing：n. 搭档
- picky：adj. 挑剔的

## 全文

You may not know it, but March 9 is a day to celebrate the meatball. That's right. It's International Meatball Day!  Nearly all of the world's cultures have some kind of meatball. This delicious food combines meat -- pork, fish, beef, ostrich, chicken, you name it - with spices, bread or rice, maybe egg and some kind of fat. The ingredients are mixed and formed into a ball and then cooked in many different ways. 

People around the world also have different ways of serving and eating meatballs. We add them to soup. We roast them on sticks. We bake them and then stuff them into bread. We deep-fry them in hot oil and eat them with gravy.  We cook them in sauce and add them to pasta.  Most meatballs have some things in common. For one, they are easy to eat. They use easy-to-find ingredients. You can make a meatball out of just about any kind of meat. And they developed as a way to make the available meat feed as many people as possible. Meatballs with all sorts of names can be found everywhere from northern Europe to New York City to Vietnam. 

Swedish people are famous for their Swedish meatballs, called köttbullar. They are often served with gravy, along with boiled potatoes and a special lingonberry sauce. Asian countries have many kinds of meatballs served in soups. One type of meatball found in China is called Lion' Head. It is a large, soft meatball made of finely cut pork. And they are often served with cabbage. Vietnamese meatballs, called bò viên, can be made with beef, pork or chicken. They are especially chewy and springy.  You might find them in a bowl of Vietnamese pho. In the U.S., spaghetti and meatballs is one of the most popular food pairings. People of all ages enjoy a big bowl of this dish - even children who are extremely picky eaters. And many restaurants have it on their menu.



## 词组

1）you name it：只要你能说的出(应有尽有)

The new restaurant across the street offers all kinds of food, Chinese, Japanese, French, Italian, you name it. 街对面新开的餐馆提供各式各样的食物，中餐、日餐、法餐、意大利餐，只要你能说的出来的都有。

2）in common：共同的

I have a lot in common with my father. 我和我的父亲有很多共同点

3）for one：举个例子

4）make sth out of sth：由……制成……

5）make sth out of sb：使某人成为……

Battlefield is the space that can make a hero out of an ordinary person. 战场是一个可以把普通人打造成英雄的场所。

6）along with：连同……一起

The man who committed the crime was arrested along with two other suspects：犯罪的人连同另外两个嫌犯被抓捕了。

7）people of all ages：各个年龄段的人

Spring Festival Gala is a wonderful show that people of all ages could enjoy： 春晚是一场各个年龄段的人都可以享受的盛大演出。

8）picky eater：挑剔的吃货

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/-wmRA6cEPERhMZ4GBhY79A

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/27：MeatBalls Around the World.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 28：Too good to be true

## 词汇

- industrial：adj. 工业的
- productive：adj. 多产的
- pressured：adj. 有压力的
- urge：v. 敦促
- attempt：n. 试图
- gender：n. 性别
- staff：n. 职员
- premit：v. 允许

## 全文

In many indusrial countries, people work five eigth-hour days or 40 hours a week. But some companies now want their employees to work just four day a week and still pay them for five. Is it too good to be true? Companies that their  employees like their jobs more and are more productive at work. In New Zealand, a company called Perpetual Guardian tested how its employees reacted to a 32-hour workweek earlier this year.

It said the workers reported feeling less pressured and more involved with the business. In Japan, the government is urging companies to let their workers have Monday mornings off. Other attempts to reduce working hours, however, have had little effect since many Japanese continue to work extra hours anyway. Bartian's Trades Union Congress(TUC) is pushing for the country to move to a four-day week by the end of the century. The group argues that a shorter workweek is a way for workers to share in the wealth made by new technologies like  machine learning and robotics. 

The union compared that to the time they won the right to have weekends of during the industrial revolution. TUC's Kate Bell noted, "It would reduce the stress of juggling working and family and could improve gender equality. Companies that have already  tried it say it's better for productivity and staff well-being." A study of 3,000 employess found that nearly half thought they could easily finish their work in five hour a day if they did not to stop and re-start. Many said they already are working more than 40 hours a week anyway. The workers were from eight countries, including the United States, Britain and Germany.

Dan Schawbel is with Future Workplace, which carried out the survey with Kronos. He observed, "Because you always have the technology, you are always working, so people are getting burned out." Dan Schawbel expects more companies and countries will permit a four-day workweek, but not i not the United States. He said, "I think America will be the last country to give us Monday mornings off because we're so used to this way of working."



## 词组

1）be/get involved with：参与；热衷于……

She is very much involved with her club activities：她非常热衷于参加社团活动

2）urge sb to do sth：敦促/强烈要求某人做某事

He urged Mary to come and stay with us. 她敦促 Mary 过来，和我们待在一起

3）have Monday mornings off：周一早晨休假

4）share in sth：分享/分担

The company is offering you the chance to share in its success：公司为你提供了共享成功的机会

5）juggle sth(with sth)：同时应付(几份工作/活动)

Many parents find it hard to juggle children and a career. 许多父母发现要兼顾孩子和事业是困难的

6）get burned out：筋疲力竭

If you keep  working nights and weekends, you're going to get burned out.：如果你继续在晚上和周末工作，你会累坏的

7）be/get used to (doing) sth：习惯于(做)某事

I can't get used to the idea that you've already grown up：现在你已长大成人，对此我还不习惯。

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/oktf7W6SlcTKVcZR-zhnIg

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/28：Too good to be true.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 29：Happy Marriage Happy Life

## 词汇

- vow：n. 誓言
- spouse：n. 配偶
- stressful：adj. 紧张的
- marriage：n. 婚姻
- survive：幸免于
- stroke：n. 中风
- depressed：adj. 沮丧的
- advanced：adj. 晚期的
- diagnosis：n. 诊断
- in-laws：n. 姻亲
- recreational：adj. 娱乐
- inflammation：n. 炎症
- extreme：adj. 极端的
- appetite：n. 胃口
- hormone：n. 荷尔蒙

## 全文

Traditional wedding vows often include the promise to be by your spouse's side "in sickness and in health, 'til death do you part." Or something similar. Well, if you are in a bad marriage, the death pary may come sooner than expected. A new study finds that a stressful marriage may be unhealthy, especially for men. In fact, for some people it may be as bad as smoking. This finding seems to be opposite of many other studies that stay marriage improves health.

For exampe, one British Study found that being married improved a person's chances of surviving a heart attack. The researchers said married people had shorter hospital stays. And experts at Harvard Medical School write on their webstie that married people: live longer have fewer strokes and heart attacks have a lower chance of becoming depressed are less likely to have advanced cancer at the time of diagnosis and more likely to survive cancer for a longer period of time and survive a major operation more often. 

One way to make sense of conflicting findings about marriage is to consider the quality of the relationship. Do teh partners support each other, or do they give each other long-term, chronic stress? To find out how bad a stressful marriage is on health, researchers at two universities in the United States -- The Univertity of Nevada, Reno and th Univertity of Michigan -- teamed up. They followed 373 couples for 16 years. The researchers wanted to know if often conflicting over certain topics affected a person's health in a negative way. These topics included such things as children, money, in-laws and recreational activities. The found a conflict-filled relationship harms the body in many ways. People in a stressful relationship can have damaging inflammation, extreme changes in appetite and increased levels of stress hormones. All these conditions can negatively affect many systems -- from heart function to hwo the body is able to fight diseases. The researchers also found that a bad marriage was harder on men's health than on women's.

## 词组

1）be by one's side：陪在某人的身边

2 ）'til death do you part：直到死亡将你们分离

I hereby promise to always be by your side, 'til death do us part：我在此发誓永远伴你左右，直到死亡将我们分离

3）adj.(er) than expected……：比预料的要……

I've failed this course because the final exam was much more difficult than expected：我这门课挂了，因为期末考试比预料的难太多了

4）improve the chances of……：增加……的可能

5）survive sth……：在……中存活下来

I am stronger now because I have survived the harsh training：我没有在艰苦的训练中败下阵来，所以我变得更强了

6）make sense of：明白过来；让……讲得通

I'm still having a hard time making sense of what has happened：我对所发生的事情还是很难理解

7）team up：结成一队，写作

Teaming up with someone might be a good choice if you find this mission too hard to complete：如果你觉得这个任务太难完成，与他人组队或许是个好选择

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/-7rdHWiw8s0P-jTUnouTsw

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/29：Happy Marriage Happy Life.mp3"/>
</audio>


# 精听 30：New Place, Bad Sleep

## 词汇

- remain：v. 保持
- pillow：n. 枕头
- measure：v. 测量
- volunteer：n. 志愿者
- laboratory：n. 试验室
- apart：分开地
- hemisphere：n. 半球
- shift：n. 轮班
- phase：n. 阶段
- extra：adj. 额外的

## 全文

Have you ever had trouble sleeping in a new place? Lots of people do. And now researchers from Brown University in Rhode Island think they know why.  They found that one-half of the brain "remain more awake" than the other half when people are trying sleep in a new place. This appears to be a case of the brain keeping people ready for trouble in a new place, the researchers said.

The sleep findings were reported in Current Biology and by Brown University. In theire report, the researchers said many people report they have a harder time sleeping the first night at a hotel or other places outside their home. They call it, "first-night effect." "In Japan they say, 'if you change your pillow,  you can't sleep," said Yuka Sasaki, one of the report's authors. "You don't sleep very well in a new place. We all know about it." 

The researchers measured brain waves for 35 volunteers over two nights in a laboratory. The two nights were a week apart. They found during the first night the left hemisphere of the brain was more active than the right hemisphere. This was during the first deep-sleep period, the researchers said. Sasaki said a lot of questions remain. Researchers did not keep measuring brain waves all night long. So, they don't know if the left hemisphere keeps "watch" all night. or whether it "works in shifts" with the right hemisphere later in the night. They also do not know why the extra brain activity, at least during the first phase of deep sleep, is always on the left hemisphere. For some, this research may be calming. It is good to know that our brain is "looking out for us," in a new place. But it may not help with sleep. That extra brain activity, at least according to this new research, make it harder to get the sleep people need to wake up well rested in the morning.



## 词组

1）keep/ get / be ready for sth：准备好应对某事

I don't feel that I'm ready for my driving test yet：我觉得我还没有准备好参加驾驶考试

2）have a hard time doing sth：做某事有困难

She is having a hard time writing her dissertation：她的论文写得很吃力

3）work in shifts：倒班；轮值

He and his colleagues work in shifts round the clock. 他和他的同事们 24 小时倒班工作

4）look out for sb：照顾某人

My older brother always looked out for me when we were kids：小时候，我哥哥总是照顾我

5）be well rested：精力充沛

We came back from our holiday feeling relaxed and well rested：我们度假归来，感到轻松而精力充沛。

## 问答

```
 “That extra brain activity, at least according to this new research, makes it harder to get the sleep people need to wake up well rested in the morning.”
```

这句话中的it是什么用法呢？

当宾语成分比较复杂，且其后跟有宾语补足语时，通常会在宾语补足语前使用形式宾语it，而将真正的宾语移至句末，以平衡句式。在这句话中，it就是这样的一个形式宾语，harder是宾语补足语，而后面的to get the sleep则是真正的宾语。

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/YIgsT2qWuJ10qHvv8UKnTg

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/30：New Place, Bad Sleep.mp3"/>
</audio>



# 精听 31：Rice  Fight AIDS

## 词汇

- modify：v. 改变
- infection：n. 感染
- protein：n. 蛋白质
- attach：v. 依附
- neutralize：v. 中和
- block：v. 阻止
- transmission：n. 传播
- vaccine：n. 疫苗
- deployment：n. 部署
- cost-effective：adj. 划算的

## 词组

1）block its transmission：阻止(疾病)传播

2）neutralize the virus：中和病毒

3）live with sth：忍受着……

I am living with regrets because I have done terrible things in the past：我现在必须忍者悔恨，因为我以前做了很多可怕的事情。

4）live with sb：与某人住

5）（be） shown to：被证明

This particular kind of plants is shown to prevent the sickness from deteriorating any furter：这种特殊的植物被证明可以防止病情继续恶化

6）show the progression of……：减慢……的进程

7）pass …… onto……：将……传给

My father has passed his personality defects onto me：父亲将他的性格缺陷遗传给了我

8）make sure……：确保……

I'll make sure things like this won't happen again：我会确保不让这样的事情再次发生。

## 全文

Researchers say a new genetically modified rice can prevent infections of HIV, the virus responsible for the disease AIDS.  The researchers recently published their  findings in a study in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences(PNAS). The team included scientists from America, Britain and Spain. The study reports the newly-developed rice produces proteins that attach directly to the HIV virus. This process prevents the virus from mixing with human cells. The scientists say this can neutralize the virus and block its transmission. 

The Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS or UNAIDS reports that worldwide, nearly 37 million people were living with HIV in 2017. The organizaton says the largest number of those were in developing countries. Nearly two-thirds of HIV cases are in Africa. There is currently no cure for HGIV/AIDS. But there have been major developments in oral drug treatments shown to slow the progression of the disease. Such treatments can also reduce the chances of passing the virus onto others. Researchers have also worked on finding a vaccine. UNAIDS says new HIV infections and AIDS-related deaths have been reduced by about 50 percent over the past two decades.

The new study predicts the rice-based method will lead to long-term deployment of the anti-HIV treatment across the developing world. Researchers said the "groundbreaking" discovery is "realistically the only way" that anti-HIV combination treatments can be produced at a cost low enough for the developing world. The scientists say the easiest and most cost-effective way to use the rice will be to make it into a cream to be put on the skin. The HIV-fighting proteins can then enter the body through the skin. 

People in all parts of the world could grow the rice and make the cream themselves, the researchers said. This would prevent the cost and travel repuired for many patients to receive treatments and medicine, especially in the developing world. The scientific team says further testing is needed to make sure the genetic engineering process does not produce any additional chemicals that could be dangerous to people.

## 问答

```
“Researchers say a new genetically modified rice can prevent infections of HIV, the virus responsible for the disease AIDS.”
```

在这个句子中有一个同位语和一个后置定语，你能找出它们吗？它们之间的区别在哪里呢？

the virus responsible for the disease AIDS”本身是HIV的同位语，而在这之中，“responsible for the disease AIDS”又是修饰virus的后置定语。从中我们可以发现，同位语起到解释说明的作用，而后置定语则是起到修饰限定的作用。同位语本质上和本位语是同样的事物，一般来说是名词性质的结构；而定语是对中心词的限定修饰，一般是修饰性语句，不是名词性质的结构。

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/OTPXpQBc-zHnuQKwXWAtIA

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/31：Rice  Fight AIDS.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 32：Breakfast around the World

## 词汇

- endless：adj. 无穷的
- olive：n. 橄榄
- sausage：n. 香肠
- yogurt：n. 酸奶
- scramble：v. 炒(蛋)
- pickled：adj. 腌制的
- donut：n. 甜甜圈
- fill：v. 装满
- roast：v. 烤

## 词组

1）break one's fast：开斋 / 开戒；吃早饭

He drinks some orange juice to break his two-week fast：他喝了些橙汁，结束了为期两周的禁食

2）just about：几乎；差不多

We've got just about enough time to get there：我们差不多有足够的时间内到那儿

3）simply a great idea：真是个好主意

4）from region to region：在不同区域

5）from place to place / house to house：到处；挨家挨户

She went from house to house asking if anyone had seen the child：她挨家挨户询问是否有人见过这个孩子

6）from around the world：来自全世界

The Great Wall  has attracted tourists from around the world：长城吸引了来自世界各地的游客

## 全文

Breakfast is the first meal of the day. Some people love it! They look forward to breaking their nighttime fast with a big meal. Others may like to eat something small. There  are many common foods shared between countries, although they may be cooked differently.

So, whate does breakfast look like around the world? In  some areas of the world, breakfast includes just about anything. There is seemingly nothing that is not a breakfast food. Turkey is one such place. People in Turkey seem to have endless choices for breakfast. A morning table have eggs, bread with butter, honey or jam. Tomatoes, cucumbers, olives, Turkish sausage and tea are also common dishes in a Turkish breakfash. On a  German breakfast table you might see different kinds of bread, cold meats and cheeses with butter and jam on the side. You may also have some sliced vegetables or yogurt with fruit. In Poland, a common breakfast food is an open-faced sandwich with meat and cheese. They also commonly have scrambled eggs, hot dogs (without the bun) and pickled vegetables. In spring and summer, they eat more fruit and vegetables for breakfast. They may also add donuts filled with jam to the breakfast table.

Several food websites also say that Koreans eat the same foods at breakfast that they may eat at lunch and dinner. So, you might have rice, kimchi (a traditional spicy pickled cabbage), soups with tofu and pickled vegetables. One websit says Korean people like to add any leftovers form dinner the night before to breakfast - which is simply a great idea. A typical breakfast in Japan may look the same. People may begin their day eating rice with pickled vegetables, fish, or egg and miso soup. In a country as large as China, breakfast looks different from region to region. People may eat a fried dough called you tiao with a cup of warm milk or rice soup with pickled vegetables.  Or you may have a hot, roasted sweet potato. In some parts of China, breakfast could be noodled with vegetables and meat. There area simply some breakfast dishes from around the world.

## 问答

```
“One website says Korean people like to add any leftovers from dinner the night before to breakfast – which is simply a great idea.”
```

这个句子中破折号之后的成分是什么呢？which在这里起到了什么样的作用？

这里的“which is simply a great idea”是一处非限定性定语从句，which是从句的关系代词，指代的是“Korean people like to add any leftovers from dinner the night before to breakfast ”这一整句话。

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/qEujdCDeAlUazHSv3Z-Erg

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/32：Breakfast around the World.mp3" />
</audio>


# 周测试 Day26-Day32

https://www.shanbay.com/questionnaire/projects/rqdoq

result：36


# 精听 33：What is 5G?

## 词汇

- wireless：adj. 无线的
- progression：n. 发展
- capacity：n. 容量
- equipment：n. 设备
- sensor：n. 传感器
- outage：n. 中断
- remote：adj. 远程的
- automation：n. 自动化
- misuse：v. 滥用

## 词组

1）publicity surronding……：对于……的关注、曝光

Recently, there has been too much publicity surrounding the upcoming movie：最近有太多关于即将上映电影的宣传

2）bring major improvements：带来巨大的进步

Intel's 10th generation Ice Lake processors could bring major improvements to MacBook. 因特尔的第十代 Ice Lake 处理器或许会给 MacBook 带来巨大的进步

3）network capacity：网络承载量

4）go / move well beyond：远超过、远超出

This new product has become so popular that it has moved well beyond the country where it was created：这个产品十分受欢迎，风靡范围已经超越国界

5）go popular：变的流行

6）go crazy：变得疯狂

7）help do sth：帮助做……

8）fuel sth：为……提供燃料；驱使……

The rapid promotion of the boss's son has fuelled resentment within the company：老板儿子迅速晋升，这在公司内部激起了不满情绪

## 全文

There has been a lot of publicity recently surrounding 5G, the next generation of wireless technology for the world. But what is this technology and how might it change our lives? 5G stands for fifth generation, meaning the next step in the progression of technology to replace teh current 4G system. 4G was the replace for 3G, which came after 2G, and so on. These system are wireless computer networks. Earlier "G" systems were designed to improve mobile communication operations. Each new technology brought major improvements in speed and greatly increased network capacity.  The  new 5G system promises more of the same. It is expected to permit more users to do more things -- at a faster rate. Higher internet speeds and larger network capacity should result in better performance for device users connected to 5G.

However, technology experts say there is a major way that 5G is different than the earlier systems. It will move well beyond mobile network technology to affect many more devices and industries than other "G" versions. Before we can all use 5G, wireless companies and phone makers will have to complete and deploy a whole new system. New phones and communication equipment must be built. The first U.S. launch of 5G is expected to happen sometime this year. Industry experts expect it will take a few more years to go nationwide. 

Wireless industry groups say 5G will help fuel future "smart cities" by connecting sensor networks. Such networks will be able to control vehicle traffic and quickly identify streetlight outages. 5G is also expected to connect self-driving cars and support new technologies involving virtual reality. Higher 5G speeds could also permit doctors to commonly perform remote medical operations. 

Factories and businesses could use 5G technology to increase automation and improve the collection of imformation. More data -- and many more kinds of data -- will be traveling across 5G networks. Much of the data could contain private details about individuals, businesses or government organizations. The increase data flow would give internet attackers a lot more possibilities to steal and misuse data. In additon, the wider use of a 5G wireless network means any breakdown of the system would have more widespread and severe reasults. Such difficulties could affect public safety as well as world ecomomic activity.

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/zUn7URD9OBo_MixjsySjOg

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/33：What is 5G.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 34：Man-made Steak

## 词汇

- texture：n. 质地
- tissue：n. 组织
- cell：n. 细胞
- nutrient：n. 营养物
- three-dimensional：adj. 三维的
- property：n. 特性
- crave：v. 渴望
- shortage：n. 短缺
- greenhouse：n. 温室
- emission：n. 排放

## 词组

1）in a ……setting：在……的环境中

There is an old farmhouse in a beautiful setting：在优美的环境中，坐落着一件古老的农舍

2）feed sb. (on / with) sth：给某人喂养某物

Several children were feeding the ducks on/with bread：几个小孩在拿面包喂鸭子

3）in an effort to ：为了……

4）bring down：降低，减少；使垮台

Our principal responsibility is to bring down the level of unemployment：我们的主要责任是降低失业水平

5）demand for……：对……的需求

The demand for higher salaries is expected to grow：人们对加薪的需求预期会增加



## 全文

An Israeli company says it has produced the world's first steak "grown" in a laboratory. Researchers from Tel Aviv-based Aleph Farms say they successfully created the meat using methods that do not harm animals. The company claims its scientific invention has the "true texture and structure of beef muscle tissue steak." Shulamit Levenvberg is the co-founder and chief scientific officer of Aleph Farms. She considers the company's product "clean meat." 

She says this is because it is grown in a clean, controlled setting and does not require the killing of an animal. The process begins when scientists collect live cell tissue from real cows. Aleph Farms says this is easily completed without harming the animals. The cells are then fed nutrients to make them grow. The cells are then combined through a process the company says uses three-dimensional or 3-D technology to form realistic tissue. The company says small pieces of meat can be produced in as little as three weeks, with each costing about $50 to make.

Levenberg said Aleph Farms uses four different kinds of animal cells found in traditional cuts of meat. As a result, it can produce a product containing similar properties of steak, including muscle, fat and connective tissuses.  The company considers this "the key to a product that will be closer to the beef that people crave." The company is still developing its technology in an effort to bring production costs down. The steak product is expected to be ready to sell within two years. Aleph Farms hopes the process can greatly reduce the amount of land, water and food resources necessary for traditional beef production methods.  The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization has estimated that demand for meat is likely to grow by nearly 70 precent by 2050. The U.N. says such demand coudld create resource shortages around world and have harmful effects on the environment. The company says its production process uses 96 percent less greenhouse gas emissions than traditional meet production. In addition, it says it requires 99 percent less land and 96 percent less water.



## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/BKFmkvdqvUHMXmZPfLOQdw

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/34：Man-made Steak.mp3" />
</audio>


# 精听 35：The Downside of Using Too Much Cellphone

## 词汇

- fingertip：n. 指尖
- sword：n. 剑
- unlimited：adj. 无限的
- vibrate：v. 振动
- ring：响铃
- ping：发出"砰砰"声
- light up：亮屏
- addiction：n. 瘾
- manipulate：v. 操控
- notification：n. 通知
- alert：n. 提醒
- schedule：v. 安排
- interfere：v. 干预

## 词组

1）at one's fingertips：易获取，可以轻松得到

I have the solution to this problem at my fingertips：我手里就有解决这个问题的办法

2）form connections in the  brain：在大脑中建立联系

3）over time：随着时间逐渐……

Although  I don't have a good reputation, people will realize what kind of person I am over time：虽然我现在名声不好，但随着时间的推移，人们会知道我是个什么样的人

4）more often than not：通常，多半情况下

More often than not, people judge each other based on the first impression：多数情况下，人们会根据第一印象来评价彼此

5）catch up：跟……往来、聚一聚

It is such a wonderful thing to catch up with friends who I haven't seen for years：和多年未见的朋友具有是多么美好的一件事啊。

6）set aside sth：留出来……

## 全文

Nearly  2.4 billion people around the world used a smartphone in 2017. By the end of 2018, more than a third of the global population will be using a smartphone. More people wille have more information at theire fingertips. However, smartphone technology can be a double-edged sword. Our devices ring, ping, vibrate and light up with the latest news from family, friends and around the world. On the other hand, this immediate access to information may become an addiction. And it may make some people feel lonely, anxious and depressed.

These findings are from a 2018 study from San Francisco State University and have been published in NeuroRegulation. Erik Peper and Richard Harvey are both health education professors at the university. The led the study. Peper explains that smartphone addiction forms connections in the brain that are similar to drug addiction. And these connections form slowly over time. Also, addiction to social media may affect our emotional state. The two professors asked 135 university students about their smartphone use and their feelings. They found that "students who used their phones the most reported higher levels of feeling …… lonely depressed and anxious."

The researchers warn that workers in the technology industry know how to manipulate our brains and turn us into addicts. But the researchers also suggest ways to fight back. The say that we can train our brains to be less addicted to our phones and computers. Erik Peper suggests turning off push notifications and other such alerts on our phones. More often than not, our devices share unimportant information as if our lives depended on it. Our brains see the noices the same way. And that is a problem. So, just turn them off. The researchers also suggest taking control of when and where you answer a text or email. You do not need to answer them all. And you certainly don't need to answer them as soon as you get them. The also suggest setting limits on the time you spend on socail media. If you want to catch up with friends on Facebook, set aside a small amount of time to do it. Schedule periods of the day to focus on important tasks and do not allow technology to interfere.

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Bq0ZcPaQiStTQaXaOu24WQ

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/35：The Downside of Using Too Much Cellphone.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 36：The International Yoga Day

## 词汇

- steadily：adv. 稳定的
- observe：v. 庆祝
- vacation：n. 度假
- sharply：adv. 急剧的
- propose：v. 提出
- unite：v. 使结合
- flexibility：n. 灵活性
- contribute：v. 有助于
- relief：n. 解除

## 词组

1）observe (a ceremony / festival)：庆祝(典礼/节日)

Americans always observe Independence Day with a parade：美国人经常以游行来庆祝独立日

2）bring attention to sth：引起人们对……的关注

The purpose of the article was to bring attention to the problems faced by single parents：这篇文章的目的是让人们关注单身父母面临的问题

3）unite sth. and sth. ：将两者结合

 As a writer, he united wit and passion：作为一名作家，他集智慧和激情与一身

4）praise sb. / sth. for (doing) sth. ：因……而表扬某人 / 物

The mayor praised the rescue teams for their courage：市长称赞了救援队的勇气

5）find / seek relief from sth：从……中解脱

6）provide relief from sth：提供解脱 / 缓解

The cool room provided relief from the terrible heat outdoors：这个凉爽的房间缓解了户外的酷热

## 全文

The number of people  who do yoga around teh world has been growing steadily in the last 40 years. People in more than 180 countries will do the breathing and movement exercise on this year's international Yoga Day. It is officially observed on June 21, the longest day of the year in the Northern Hemisphere. This year's guiding idea is "peace." 

The Daily Star newspaper, published in Bangladesh, reports that people in China have "yoga fever." The report says the country will have the most people after India observing International Yoga Day. Pulbic yoga events will be held in parks, vacation places and even at the Great Wall. The same report notes that in South Korea, sales of yoga mats and yoga towels have risen sharply this year. In Vietnam, International Yoga Day has brought increased attention to the activity.  The Economic Tiimes reported that three years ago, 2,000 people there took part in yoga events on International Yoga Day. This year, more than 8,000 Vietnamese are expected to.

The United Nations declared June 21 the International Day of Yoga four years ago. The prime minister of India, Narendra Modi, proposed the idea to the U.N. General Assembly. Modi noted that yoga was an ancient Indian tradition. He said the practice can unite mind and body,  thought and action, people and nature. Yoga has also been praised for imporving balance, lowering blood pressure, increasing flexibility, and providing a sense of calm. The secretary-general of the U.N., Ban Ki-Moon, said, "Yoga is a sport that can contribute to development and peace. Yoga can even help people in emergency situations to find relief from stress."

But yoga has also been criticized A study by Australian and American researchers found that 10 to 20 percent of people felt pain or worsened injuries after doing yoga regulary. However, nearly 75 percent said regular yoga helped them feel less pain. And researchers in Germany and England recently found that participating in yoga classes may make people think they  are worthier than others.



## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/i8t9-XGkMUkq6V3u72Wztw

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/36：The International Yoga Day.mp3" />
</audio>





# 精听 37：Cameras Against Lies

## 词汇

- recognition：n. 识别
- unapproved：adj. 未经同意的
- detection：n. 探测
- polygraph：n. 测谎仪
- sensor：n. 传感器
- detector：n. 探测器
- perspiration：n. 汗水
- suppress：v. 抑制
- truthfulness：n. 真实
- privacy：n. 隐私
- reject：v. 不同意
- misuse：v. 误用

## 词组

1）give sb. power to……：赋予……力量去做

Encouragement from my colleagues gives me the power to overcome difficulties at work：同事们的鼓励给了我们力量，去克服工作中困难的力量

2）set up：设置

3）trick sb into doing sth：骗……去做某事

My mean friends somehow managed to trick me into eating a salty ice cream：我那些损友设法让我吃了一口咸味冰激凌

4）depend heavily on：严重依赖于

This country's economy growth depends heavily on exports：这个国家的经济增长严重依赖于出口

5）carry out：实现；执行

The police say they believe the attacks were carried out by nationalists：警方认定这些袭击是民族主义者实施的

6）raise questions about：对……提出了质疑

The virus breakout raises questions about public safety and management ability of the responsible institution：此次病毒的爆发，引发了公众对有关单位公共安全和管理的质疑

## 全文

One of the most popular tools on Apple's new iPhone X is its facial recognition system. This latest iPhone gives users the power to open the device just by looking at it. The smartphone has performed well in tests set up to trick it into opening for an unapproved user. The same kind of facial recognition system is also used for other purposes. 

One area that will depend heavily on the technology in the future is lie detection. Traditional lie detection machines, called polygraphs, use sensors connected to the body to measure physical changes in the body. These include blood pressure, breathing and heart rates and the amount of perspiration on the skin. The people is asked a serises of questions during the test. Any physical changes are studied to see which questions caused the reactions. The operator of the test then makes a decision about wheter the results suggest the individual was lying or not.

In the future, experts say, lie detector tests will be carried out by systems that use video and machines. One company developing this kind of system is SilverLogic Labs in Seattle, Washington. SiverLogic Labs call its high-tech lie detector a "passive polygraph." The most important piece of equipment is a video camera, which captures all a person's visual and spoken reactions. Jerimiah hamon is the company's chief executive officer. He says the video images gather data that is then processed to make a decision about truthfulness.  

This technology is not now. It was the first developed to measure the reactions people had while watching movies and television shows. Earlier studies showed this methon was more exact in learning the true feelings of individuals who might try to suppress their honest opinions when answering questions. The idea of a video camera recording emotional responses and testing truthfulness possibly even secretly - raises questions about privacy. But SilverLogic Labs rejects those concerns. It says privacy only becomes a problem when the technology is misused. The company's Jerimiah Hamon said he also believes a machine lie detector can be a better judge than a human tester.



## 问答

```
“Earlier studies showed this method was more exact in learning the true feelings of individuals who might try to suppress their honest opinions when answering questions.”
```

在这句话中有几个从句呢？

“this method was more exact in learning the true feelings of individuals”是宾语从句，作show的宾语；“who might try to suppress their honest opinions”是修饰individuals的定语从句；而“when answering questions”是修饰前一个定语从句的时间状语从句，因为和其所修饰的部分主语相同，谓语又是be动词，所以在从句中予以省略。

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/W7gf3D6RBqjt6FcOlpYiaQ

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/37：Cameras Against Lies.mp3" />
</audio>










