# 精听 41：Caffeine Interrupts Your Sleep

## 词汇

- caffeine：n.  咖啡因
- interrupt：v. 打断
- cellular：adj. 细胞的
- molecular：adj. 分子的
- expresso：n. 浓缩咖啡
- chronobiology：n. 时间生物学
- wakefulness：n. 清醒
- promote：v. 促进
- mood：n. 情绪
- entire：adj. 整个的

## 词组

1）on many levels：在许多层面上

 Your approach to this problem is inappropriate on so many levels：你解决这个问题的办法在很多层面上都不合适

2）across the pond：穿越大西洋

I'm going across the pond in February, it'll be great：我二月就要横跨大西洋了，简直太棒了

3）up to……：(数目上)多达……；(时间上)一直到……；(水平)达到，接近于……

She worked up to the last minute：她一直工作到最后一分钟

The team did not play up to its best today：这个球队今天没有发挥到自己的最佳水平

4）promote sth.：促进某事发生；宣传

The government has come up with new policies to promote economic growth：政府提出了新政策来促进经济增长

5）play a role in：起到一定作用，扮演一定角色

6）play an important role：起到重要作用

## 全文

Caffeine is the most wildely used drug in the world. Many people drink coffee or tea to help them wake up in the morning. And many others drink caffeine throughout the day to prevent sleepiness. So, it is no surprise that if you get too much caffeine before bedtime, it can keep you awake. It turns  out than interrupting your sleep is bad for your health on many levels, including the cellular level. 

A new study explains how interrupted sleep can affect your mental and physical health. The study also explores how poor sleep can affect the cells in your body. Researchers from the United States and the United Kingdom have joined from across the pond to investigate this issue. The investigators are from the University of Colorado, Boulder in the U.S. and the Medical Research Councila Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, England. They found that caffeinated drinks taken up to three hours before expected bedtime can delay normal sleep times by as much as 40 minutes. The amount of caffeine that disrupted sleep was equal to about two shots of expresso. 

Kenneth Wright is head of the Sleep and Chronobiology Laboratory at the University of Colorado Boulder. Mr. Wright warns some caffee drinks sold in coffee shops usually contain more caffeine than that. Scientists have known for a long time that  caffeine keeps you awake. Caffeine affects the chemicals in the brain that control wakefulness. Caffeine also blocks chemicals in the brain that promote, or cause you to sleep. And interrupted sleep is not good for you. Not getting enough sleep can affect a person's mood. It also disrupts the body's natural sleep-wake cycle called the circadian rhythm. Your body's circadian rhythm is found in cells throughout the entire body. So, when  caffeine disrupts you circadian rhythm, it affects hormone production and the re-growth of new cells in the human body. And this can play a role in many health problems - from obesity to diabetes to cancer.

## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/jw9oolbzTOEUe3EY9Kw7JA

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/41：Caffeine Interrupts Your Sleep.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 42：Touching Arts

## 词汇

- impaired：adj. 受损的
- fine：adj. 精美的
- journalism：n. 新闻
- podcast：n. 博客
- trace：v. 勾画
- marking：n. 标记
- tangible：adj. 可触知的
- dimension：n. 维度
- scan：v. 扫描
- sculpt：v. 雕刻
- relief：n. 浮雕
- hang：v. 悬挂

## 词组

1）visually impaired：视力受损的；有视力障碍的

2）hearing impaired：听力受损的

3）mental impaired：智力受损的

4）fine art：艺术，美术(尤指绘画、雕塑) / 美术作品

He is studying fine art：他在学习美术

an exhibiton of fine art：美术作品展览

5）live life to the fullest / full：尽情享受生活

6）……to the full：充分地；完全地

We need to exploit this opportunity to the full：我们需要充分利用这一机会

7）make the art tangible：使作品变得可触摸

8）tangible evidence / proof：确凿的证据

9）tangible benefits：实实在在的好处

10）take up：占用时间或者空间

I will not take up too much of your time：我不会占用你太多的时间

These files take up a lot of disk space：这些文档占用了很多的磁盘空间



## 全文

An American photograhper is making copies of great artwork available for blind individuals and those with very poor eyesight. At least 285 million people worldwide are either blind or considered visually impaired. They are  unable to see or enjoy visual final art.

Romeo Edmead lost his eyesight when he was only two years old. But that has not stopped him from living life to the fullest. He went to college and studied journalism. He now lives in New York and produces a podcast about the city. He depends heavily on his others senses. But he cannot exprience the great works of art in New York City. Romeo is now able to use his fingers to trace art paintings. He can get an idea of the appearance by following the makings. 

John Olson once worked as a photographer for LIFE magazine. He developed a printing process to make the art of Da Vinci and Van Gogh tangible for visually-impaired individuals. "I began to realize how important images have been to me, what they have allowed me to do. And it caused me to wonder what it was like for the blind, not having access to images." 

Olson's company is called 3D Photoworks. It produces copies of artwork in three dimensions: height, width and depth. Olson says this is how the process works. First, a painting is scanned, and a 3D computer image is created. Then it is sent to a machine that digitally scuplts it. Then the original image is printed on top of the relief. The whole process can take up to four weeks. Olson says that creating art in this way gives a blind person a new experience. "When a blind person can interact with art and create their own opinions, it's freedom to them. It represents freedom, independence. People tell us it's a basic civil right." A painting called "Washington Crossing the Delaware" shows a major event during America's Revolutionary War with Britain. Romeo Edmead just experienced the painting for the first time. Thanks to new technology, 3D art may soon hang in art museums all over the world. It gives the visually-impaired the chance to experience the beauty of visual art.

## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/skzo0pyD9ym74lAWM4omxg

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/42：Touching Arts.mp3" />
</audio>


# 精听 43：Gratifying Climate Changes

## 词汇

- rainfall：n. 降雨
- stretch：v. 延伸
- worsen：v. 恶化
- atmosphere：n. 大气层
- pattern：n. 模式
- mind-boggling：adj. 令人难以置信的
- erratic：adj. 不稳定的
- instability：n. 不稳定性
- fossil：n. 化石

## 词组

1）extend to：延伸至

 Has the leak in the kitchen extended to the living room now too：厨房的漏水现在已经蔓延到客厅了吗？

2）no limit：无极限

His talent has no limit：他的才能没有极限

3）what will happen when……：何时会发生什么

We don't know what will happen and when it will happen：我们不知道会发生什么，也不知道什么时候发生。

4）be perpared for sth.：为某事做准备

I'll well prepared for the worst：我已经为最坏的情况准备好了。

5）shake sth. up：给某事带来(相对剧烈)的变动

The new manager shook the office up and made things run a lot better：新来的经理对办公室进行了大整改，让一切都运作的更好了

## 全文

The Sahel is one of the direst areas in Africa, but that may change if Earth's surface temperatures rise more than two degrees Celsius. Scientists say the Sahel could turn greener, with more plant life, because the higher temperatures would lead to more rainfall. More than 100 million people live in the Sahel. It strethches coast to coast --  from Mauritania and Mali in western Africa to Sudan and Eritrea in the east. The Sahel extends to the southern edge of the Sahara desert.

In recent years, the area has experienced worsening extreme weather. That includes mroe droughts -- periods of little or no rainfall. Some scientists are very concerned about pollution from greenhouse gases -- gases that trap heat in Earth's atmosphere. They warn that if such gases continue to increase with no limits, rising temperatures could change weather systems in the Sahel and other areas. Some weather models predict a small increase in rainfall for the Sahel. But there is a risk that the entire weather pattern will change by the end of the century. That is the opinion of researchers at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research.

The size of the possible change is "mind-boggling," says the institute's Anders Levermann. If the Sahel receives mroe rainfall, it will mean more water for agriculture, industry and personal use. But in the first few years leading up to more rain, the area is likely to experience very erratic weather. That may mean extremely dry periods followed by destructive floods, the researchers said. They added that because it is hard to know what will happen when, it makes it hard for people to plan for these changes.Levermann said any extreme change would create a huge challenge to the Sahel. More than 100 million people who may be affected already face many "instabilities, including war," he said. There are a number of possible outcomes, which depend on the climate that eventually develops and whether people in the Sahel are perpared for changes, said scientist Jacob Schewe. "Climate change from burning fossil fuels really has the power to shake things up," he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.

## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/pefD_7sKpB5aQAiU7Nj_UA

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/43：Gratifying Climate Changes.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 44：Benefits of Chocolate

## 词汇

- substance：n. 物质
- cocoa：n. 可可豆
- reverse：v. 逆转
- shroke：n. 中风
- cholesterol：n. 胆固醇
- neurology：n. 神经学
- milligram：n. 毫克
- capsule：n. 胶囊
- extract：n. 提取物

## 词组

1）age-related memory loss：与年龄相关的记忆衰退

2）heart-related disease：心脏有关的疾病

3）reverse memory  failure：逆转记忆衰退

4）reverse a decision：推翻决定

5）reverse a trend / process：逆转趋势 / 逆转进程

6）reach + 年龄：达到某个年龄

7）reach the point / level / stage：达到某个阶段

8）reach a consensus：达成共识

9）reach an agreement：达成协议

10）show / see an improvement：显现出好转 / 提升

Sales have shown a slight improvement this year：今年的销售情况略有好转

11）ten times a normal amount：正常食用量的十倍

He eats twice the amount that you eat：他的食量比你大一倍

The area received three times the amount of rain it got last year：这一地区今年的降水是去年的三倍

## 全文

Can eating a chocolate bar every day really prevent age-related memory loss? No. Can eating chocolate cake for breakfast, lunch and dinner be good for your heart? Again, the answer is no. That would be too good to be true. But new researcher shows that large amounts of flavanols, substance found in cocoa, tea and some vegetables, many reverse age-related memory failure. 

Another study is looking to see if high levels of cocoa flavanols can help prevent heart attacks and strokes. Flavanols found in dark chocolate are known to increase blood flow in the part of the brain that contorls memory. They also help prevent heart disease by lowering blood pressure and "bad" cholesterol.  Brain processes decrease as we age. By the time we reach our 50s and 60s we may have trouble remebering simple things such as the names of new people we meet or where we put our car keys. 

Dr. Scott Small is a professor of neurology at Columbia University in New York City. He is the lead wirter of a research paper describing the effects of cocoa flavanols on brain activity. The study involved 37 volunteers aged between 50 and 69. Researchers gave them a high-level flavanol drink make from cocoa beans or a low-levels flavanols drink. For a period of three months, some subjects got 900 milligrams of flavanol a day. The others got 10 milligrams of flavanols each day. Brain imaging  and memory tests were given to each study subject before and after the study. Dr. small says that the subjects who had the high-level flavanol drink showed much improvement on memory tests. The researchers warns that more work is needed because this study was performed on a small group.

Dr. JoAnn Manson is the lead researcher of a four-year study involving 18,000 adults. This study will use flavanol capsules. Dr. Manson says that a person would have to eat ten times a normal amount to get the flavanols in just one flavanol pill. "The amount of chocolate that it would take in order to have this amount of cocoa flavanols would be more than ten times the amount that people would ordinarily eat." Dr. Small says a cocoa-based flavanol extract may be developed in the future. He says that more studies are needed to see how much flavanol is good for human health.

## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/X9mYkwiyx9t2KHb9XgzHag

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/44：Benefits of Chocolate.mp3" />
</audio>


# 精听 45：The Museum of Pizza

## 词汇

- format：n. 形式
- sculpture：n. 雕塑
- installation：n. 装置
- pop-up：adj. 快闪的
- selfie：n. 自拍
- interactive：adj. 互动的
- capture：v. 吸引
- available：adj. 可获取的

## 词组

1）come up with：提出；想出

She's come up with some amazing scheme to double her income：她出了一个惊人的计划来使自己的收入翻了一番

2）get people doing  / get people to do：使某人做某事

The new company is able to get people lining up to do business with it：这家公司能让人排着队和它合作

3）in a different format：以不同的形式 / 格式

4）in turn：依次

Her mother taught her, and she in turn taught her own daughter：他母亲教她，她又教自己的女儿

5）on / at … level：在……层面

The new policies will be put in place at city level：新政策将会在城市层面实施

6）kind of：有些；有一点儿

This new movie is kind of interesting. I might watch it for a second time：这部新电影有点儿有趣，我可能会二刷

7）the point of sth：某事的目的

I can't see the point of what he is doing：我看不出他所做的目的是什么



## 全文

"Who loves pizza?" is a question you almost never have to ask an American. A better question might be "Who doesn't love pizza?" Now, there is a place for all pizza lovers to gather: the newly-opened Museum o f Pizza. It can be found in America's pizza capital — New York City. A company called Nameless Network came up with the idea for the museum, known as "MoPi" for short. "It's often that the simplest idea are the best," said Alexandra Serio. She is with Nameless Network. 

The company used the popularity of pizza as a way to get people "looking at art and hearing about history in a different format," Serio explained. She added that Nameless Network asked many kinds of artists to create art works about pizza. They, in turn, provided large photographs, sculptures and huge installations. The Museum of Pizza is set up in a large space on the street level of the William Vale Hotel in Brooklyn, New York. 

MoPi is a "pop-up" museum — meaning it can be enjoyed only for a short time before being moved somewhere else. So far, the museum has had lots of visitors. More than 6,000 people came through the doors when it opened this month. Visitors seem to love MoPi's bright colors, which makes it perfect for taking selfies and other photographs for social media. Nameless Network's Alexandra Serio said that, in recent years, art museums have changed as they've aimed for younger visitors. They are becoming more interactive and photo-friendly, she said. 

Lydia Melendez had made plans to visit the pizza museum in April. For her, the experience was worth the wait. "I thought it was going to be kind of boring," she said. She imagined walking in and finding books on how to make pizza. But she was very pleased when her actual experience was different than what she had imagined. Pizza may be what was captured the interest of crowds. But the point of the museum has been to help people experience more art. Serio said the Museum of Pizza's crowds are unlike the crowds at more traditional museums. But MoPi is making art availabel to everyone.



## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/m5ttjLn1cB4r7lzMF_rxHA

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/45：The Museum of Pizza.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 46：Gait Recognition

## 词汇

- individual：n. 个人
- identify：v. 识别
- unlock：v. 解锁
- gait：n. 步态
- capture：v. 捕捉
- defense：n. 防卫
- commentator：n. 评论员
- biometric：adj. 生物计量的
- trend：n. 趋势

## 词组

1）speed up：加速；推进

I will take steps to speed up a solution to the problem：我会采取措施，加速解决这个问题

2）be correct 94 percent of the time：准确率达到 94%

3）ninety / ninety-nine percent of the time：几乎；差不多

I hate to admit it, but he's right ninety percent of the time：我虽然不想承认，但他通常都是对的

4）a / one hundred percent：百分之百；完全

I agree with you a hundred percent：我完全赞同你的观点

5）for……purposes：用于……的目的 / 用途

The curtains are for decorative purposes only and do not open or close：这些窗户纯粹是装饰用的，不能打开或关闭

6）when (it is) used together with……：当与……连用时

7）launch + n. ：发起 / 发行 / 发射……

launch a campaign：发起一项活动

launch an investigation：发起一项调查

8）an unstoppable trend：无法阻挡的趋势

a downward / upward trend：下行 / 上行趋势

a long-term trend：长期趋势

an underlying trend：基本趋势

## 全文

China is developing a system that recognizes individuals by theri body shape and walking movements. Systems that recognize human faces are already being used to identify people in crowds or as a secure way to unlock personal devices. The new system, known as "gait recognition," is already being used by police on the streets of Beijing and Shanghai. 

The Chinese technology company Watrix developed the system. The company announced last month that it had raised $14.5 million  to speed up the development and sale of the technology. The system works in a similar way to face recognition. Cameras capture video of people in public places. Then, machines powered by artificial intelligence(AI) examine and study the video. Facial recognition systems identify the shapes and experssions on a person's face to identify them. 

The system records a person's shape and movements and then creates a model of the way they walk. Huang Yongzhen is a former researcher who co-founded Watrix in 2016. He told the Associated Press his system can identify people from up to 50 meters away. It is designed to work even when a person's face is covered or hidden. Huang says his gait recognition system is correct 94 percent of the time. This is below the success rate of many face recognition systems. But he says the system can still be helpful to police and for other commercial purposes. He also believes the system can be effective when used together with face recognition.

Gait recognition is not new. The technology has been researched by scientists in Japan and Britain and By U.S. defense officials for about 10 years. But attempts to sell the technology have been slow. One of the reasons the technology has not developed further is because the systems are more complex than facial recognition. Shi Shusi is a Chinese writer and commentator. He told the AP he is not surprised that the technology would launch in China before the rest of the world. "Using biometric recognition to maintain socail stability and mange society is an unstoppable trend," Shi said. He added:"It's great business."

## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/xxp8Gv2ibsLbmQ2qTDWfnw

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/46：Gait Recognition.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 47：Writing or Typing

## 词汇

- laptop：n. 笔记本电脑
- tablet：n. 平板电脑
- conceptual：adj. 概念的
- distracting：adj. 分心的
- resist：v. 抵抗
- academic：adj. 学术的
- transcribe：v. 抄写
- mindless：adj. 不费脑的
- summarize：v. 总结

## 词组

1）give up doing sth：放弃 / 停止做某事

My father has given up smoking since I was born：我父亲自打我出生以来就戒烟了

2）take attention away：转移注意力

If something is distracting, it means it is likely to take your attention away：如果某事让你分心，那就意味着他可能会转移你的注意力。

3）hard to resist：难以抗拒

It very hard for me to resist Chinese food：我难以抗拒中餐

4）hurt ones's performance：影响表现

The bad weather has greatly hurt player's performance：恶劣天气对选手的表现造成了负面的影响

5）word for word：一字不差的

My English ability is poor so I need a word-for-word translation of this pasage：我的英语能力太差，以至于我需要这篇文章的逐字翻译。

## 全文

Many college students have given up taking class notes by hand. Instead, they type on laptop or tablet computers. But scientists from Princeton University and the University of California say that that method is less effective. If you need to remember something, write it. Writing notes by hand is much better for long-term memory of ideas, or conceptual information. So, turn off your computer if you want to remember something. Computers can take your attention away from your work. They can be distracting. Computers provide the chance to send a quick message to a friend, check a sports' score, shop or watch a funny cat video. It is really hard to resist a funny cat video.

But scientists say computers may hurt performance in school, called academic performance. Here is what the research showed. Students who type notes on a keyboard often transcibe, or write down what the professor says word for word. The way write without really thinking about what they are writing. These electronic notes contianed more words. But scientsits say it leads to "mindless transcription."  Transcription means to record something exactly as your hear it. 

However , students taking notes long-hand, or by writing them need to first process the information they hear. Then they record just the main points, or summarize. The use fewer words. This is because people usually write slower than they type. This process of summarizing information leads to a deeper understanding, say the researchers.

In the study, students listened to teacher and then took a test. Some took notes by typing on a computer. The others took notes by writing them down. Both groups performed about the same in remembering facts. But students who typed their notes did much worse on conceptual questions. These questions required them to understand an idea. Those who typed also could not stop transcribing even after they were told to try to avoid it. So even if you want to stop typing what you hear word for word, you might not be able to. Also, researchers found that those who wrote their notes remembered conceptual information better a week later. Researchers believe that the students who wrote nots long-hand had deeper understanding of idea and concepts.

## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/1-i6Xw5-v_VD2HrjPmRr9A

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/47：Writing or Typing.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 48：Dentist Museum

## 词汇

- dentistry：n. 牙科学
- torture：n. 折磨
- instrument：n. 器械
- pearl：n. 珍珠
- inaugural：adj. 就职的
- mystery：n. 谜团
- crime：n. 犯罪
- replacement：n. 代替
- bacteria：n. 细菌
- pleasant：adj. 令人愉悦的

## 词组

1）look more like …… than……：看起来更像是……而不是……

It looks more like a vacation spot than an organized health retreat：它看起来更像一个度假场所，而不是为一个有组织性的疗养地

2）fit for sb. / sth. ：适合某人 / 某物

3）fit in：融入…… / 与……相配

It's a very nice sofa but it doesn't fit in with the rest of the room：这个沙发看着很好，但和房间的其他部分不匹配

4）a fit of……：一阵……

5）correct a widely believed story：纠正一个普遍的说法

6）hava long been used……：长期以来被用作……

Dogs have long been used to detect explosives and drugs：长期以来，人们一直用狗来寻找炸药和毒品

7）be sure to：肯定会做……

He's sure to get nervous and say something stupid：他肯定会紧张，说出一些愚蠢的话

## 全文

Most people do not look forward to going to the dentist. But they might actually enjoy visiting an American museum that explores the history fo teeth and dentistry. The Dr. Samuel D. Harris Nation Museum of Dentistry is at the University of Maryland in Baltimore. It was the world's first college to train dentists. With more than 40,000 items, the museum contains one of the largest dental collections in the world. Vistors can see some fo the tools used by early dentists to work on patients. Some of the old equipment looks like torture devices than dental instruments. Others shown seem fit for kings and queens. For example, Queen Victoria's dentist used instruments made of gold and pearls. The museum shows many examples of false teeth, along with explanations about kinds of material used to make them. One of the most popular areas shows a set fo false teeth once worn by American's first president, George Washington.

But the museum corrects a widely believed story that Washington's false teeth were wooden. They were actually made of animal bone. Historians believe the false teeth made it diffcult for Washington to eat and speask. They say this is likely why his second inaugural speech contained just 135 words - the shortest in history. Some early tools used to clean teeth were also made from animal parts. The cleaning end of the brushes often came from the hair of cows or other animals. The museum also shows teeth from a mix of animals and notes how they are different from human teeth. 

In addition, visitors can explore how teeth have long been used to solve mysteries and crimes. And, they can see the history of tooth replacement and learn about new technology that could grow replacement teeth. One part of the museum, called Mouthpower, contains large toothbrushes and mouths. The models show how bacteria can damage the teeth and let people practice cleaning methods. While visitors to this unusual museum might at times feel like they are in a dentist office, the experience is sure to be a lot more pleasant.

## 语法

讲义：https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/ciCGhj3Ge6-ZgVNZyYuzzQ

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/48：Dentist Museum.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 49：Bird Can Learn "Foreign Language"

## 词汇

- predator：n. 捕食者
- flee：v. 逃跑
- presence：n. 存在
- biologist：n. 生物学家
- botanic：adj. 植物的
- allopatric：adj. 异域的
- native：adj. 本土的
- buzz：n. 嗡嗡声
- threat：n. 威胁

## 词组

1）announce one's presence：宣布某人到来

He shouted to the crowed trying to announce his presence：他对着人群大喊以宣布自己的到来

2）be born doing：生下来就会做某事

3）be born to do：做某事有与生俱来的天赋

You were born to be an artist, so I don't know why you're wasting your time working in a factory：他本阿里是个天生的艺术家，所以我不明白你为什么要在工厂里浪费时间

4）come about：发生，出现

She was late again, but I'm not sure how it come about this time：她又迟到了，但这次我不确定是怎么发生的

5） a warning cry of……：……警示叫声

6）be native to……：原产于……

The horse is not native to America - it was introduced by the Spanish：这匹马不是原产于美国 - 它是由西班牙引进的

7）in the presence of ……：在……面前；有某人在场

Their daughter is shy in the presence of strangers：他们的女儿在陌生人面前很害羞

## 全文

Wild animals are known to listen to each other for warnings that predator are near. Some birds, for example, flee when neighbors make a loud noise to announce a snake's presence. The fairy wren is a small Australian songbird. It is not born knowing the "languages" of other birds.

But recent research says it can learn the meaning of a few importtant sounds. Andrew Radford is a biologist at the University of Bristol in England. He told the Associated Press, "We knew before that some animals can translate the meanings of other species' 'foreign languages', but we did not know how that 'language learning' came about." 

Radford and researchers at the Australian National University carried out the study in the country's National Botanic Gardens in Canberra. They attached to their bodies specially-designed, sound-producing equipment called "tweeter speakers." The wanted to see if fairy wrens would react to sounds of other birds even if they could not see them. The scientists first played the birds two recorded sounds that they likely had never heard before. One was a warning cry of an allopatric chestnut-rumped thornbill, a bird not native to Australia. The other was a computer-generated bird sound called "buzz." When  the 16 fairy wrens in the study first heard the sounds, they had no special reaction. The scientists then tried to train half the birds to recognize the thornbill's cry as a warning sound. They tried to train the other half of the birds to recognize the computre-generated "buzz" as a warning call. They did so by playing the sounds in addition to other noises that the birds already knew as warnings. These included teh fairy wren's own threat call.

After three days, the scientists tested what the birds had learned - and their students passed the test. The fairy wrens trained with the thornbill's cry, fled when they heard it. The group trained with the buzz, fled when they heard that sound. Neither group reacted to the sound taught to the other. Andrew Radford of the University of Bristol noted that the ability to learn to link sounds with meaning makes biological sense. "If you can only learn in the presence of a predator, that's quite dangerous," he said.



## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/COCbhYf0y7OdZRY4r8anvws

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/49：Bird Can Learn 'Foreign Language'.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 50：Friends and Family

## 词汇

- blood：n. 血液
- assistant：adj. 助理的
- well-being：n. 幸福的
- investment：n. 投资
- enjoyable：adj. 令人愉快的
- spouse：n. 配偶
- lonely：adj. 孤独的 
- survive：v. 幸存

## 词组

1）come and go：来来往往

She's seen a lot of employees come and go during her time in the company：她在公司的时候，看见很多员工来了又走。

2）make a world of difference：对……有极大的促进作用 / 有利的影响

A little sympathy can make a world of difference to someone who's been badly treated：一点点同情对那些受到虐待的人来说都会有很大的影响

3）think of sb. / sth as ……：蒋某人 / 物看做……

I think of him as someone who will always help me：我认为他是一个永远会帮助我的人

4）survive / stand the test of time：经得起时间的考验

I hope our marriage could survive the rest of time：我希望我们的婚姻经得起时间的考验

5）have strong ties with……：和……有亲密关系

6）born into……：出身于……家庭

Some children are born into single-parent families：有些孩子出生于单亲家庭

## 全文

"You can choose your friends, but you can't choose your family." That line comes from American writer Harper Lee's book "To Kill a Mockingbird." Now compare her words to another famous expression:"Blood is thicker than water." This means that family will always be with you while other people -- with no blood connection -- may come and go. Having strong ties to family and friends has long been identified as an important part of being happy and healthy.

People need people. However, if forced to choose which is more important, American researchers now say friendship is more important than family. The study comes from researchers at Michigan State University. They found the importance of friendship on health and happiness grows as people get older. William Chopik is an assistant professor of psychology at Michigan state and was one of the lead researchers in his study. He says, "friendship become even more important as we age." He adds that "keeping a few really good friends around can make a world of difference for our health and well-being."

Chopik notes that we need think of friendship as an investment in our furture happiness. People can keep the friendships that make them feel good and move on from the ones that don't. Family, on the other hand, will always be with you. They can be helpful and enjoyable, but can also cause troubles. Chopik explained that "there are now a few studies starting to show just how important friendships can be for older adults." 

In general, he said, they show that friendships affect our day-to-day happiness and how long we live more so than relationships with spouses and family. Friendships, he added, keep us from being lonely. But keeping a friendship for a long time takes work. "If a friendship has survived the rest of time," he said, "you know it must be a good one, a person you turn to for help and advice" and a person you want in your life. This may be good news for people who don't have strong ties with family members. Not all of us are born into the families we need. But we all have the ability to make the friendships that we need.

## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/EAu9zGnzL7Df_e8eUdYzIw

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/50：Friends and Family.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 51：Before Tying the Knot

## 词汇

- compatible：adj. 意趣相投的
- bride：n. 新娘
- groom：n. 新郎
- knot：n. 结
- loan：n. 贷款
- handle：v. 处理
- negotiable：adj. 可协商的
- compromise：v. 和解
- aisle：n. 走道

## 词组

1）be compatible with：与……兼容；能匹配

His claims are not compatible with the facts：他的说法与事实不符

2）fight about sth：为某事争执

Why do we always have to fight about money：为什么我们总得为钱的事情争执呢？

3）tie the knot：结连理；结发

All of my friends have tied the knot and started having kids：我的朋友们全都结了婚，开始有了小孩。

4）take comfort in……：在……获得宽慰

I know this trial has been tremendously hard on you, but take comfort in the fact that the man responsible is now behind bars forever：我知道这次审判对你来说非常艰难，但是为了此负责的永远的待在监狱里了，你可以感到宽慰了。

5）walk down the aisle：结婚；步入婚姻的殿堂

I never thought you'd be the first one to walk down the aisle. You used to say you'd never marry：我从没想过你是第一个结婚的人。你以前说不结婚的！

## 全文

Marriage. Is it a romantic situation with some pratical parts? Or is it a pratical situation with some romantic parts? How do you know if you are compatible with someone? Like in a job interview, you need to ask questions. Several websites suggest questions you should ask your future bride or groom. We have collected here some of the ones that appear most often. 

What kind of debt do you have? A 2018 poll by the Pew Research Center found that money is one of the top five things couples fight about. Before tying the knot - another way of saying "getting married" - you should talk to your partner about any money each of you owes - such as student loans, house or car payments. And do not forget about credit card debt. This probably tells more about a person's relationship with money than any other kind of debt.

What are your spending habits? Some people are good at saving money. They take comfort in having extra in the bank. Others are good at spending money. Shopping, for them, can bring comfort. If you and your partner spend money differently, it could lead to conflict. Now is a good time to talk about saving budgets and how you will handle your finances together.

How do you feel about a clean house? Cleaning up around the house may not seem like a big deal. However, the same poll noted earlier found that 62 percent of all Americans said sharing household duties is important to a sucessful marriage. How will you and your partner divide them?

Do you want children? Okay, whether or not to have children is a big question. In marriage, many areas are negotiable. Couples can find a compromise. However, the question of whether or not to have children is not one of these areas. For many people the issue of children can be a deal-breaker. So, find out before you walk down the aisle, find out if you both have the same expectations about babies - yes, no, how many and when? These are just some of the questions you may want to ask before getting married.

These topics may be uncomfortable. But a couple hours of feeling uncomfortable is better than a lifetime of conflict.

## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/rT2A5hiZbIcnxy9PGHYsBQ

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/51：Before Tying the Knot.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 52：AI-aided Judges

## 词汇

- trial：n. 审判
- defendant：n. 被告
- release：v. 释放
- bail：n. 保释
- assessment：n. 评估
- objective：adj. 客观的
- hearing：n. 听证会
- jailhouse：n. 监狱
- supervision：n. 监管
- biased：adj. 有偏见的

## 词组

1）set a date：确定一个日期

They have not yet set a date for their wedding ceremony：他们还没有确定婚礼的日期

2）set a high bail amount：设置高额保释金

3）have a high risk of……：做……有很大的风险

Heavy smokers have a high risk of developing lung diseases：重度吸烟患者换肺病的风险很高

4）commit a crime / suicide / murder：犯罪 / 自杀 / 谋杀

5）commit sb / oneself to doing sth.：承诺 / 致力于做某事

The goverment must commit itself to improving healthcare：政府必须致力于改善医疗服务

6）make fair decisions：作出公平的决定

7）fair and square：光明正大地

He won the race fair and square：他光明正大地赢得了比赛

## 全文

Machines powered by artificial intelligence, or AI, are increasingly used to help people perform many different jobs. One area where AI si currently being used is in the American court system. In U.S. courts, defendants appear before a judge shortly after they are arrested.  The judge then sets a trial date for the defendant, which could be weeks or months in the future. The judge must decide whether the defendant should remain in jail while awaiting trial or can be safely released until the court date.

Many courts also use a bail system. This is where a judge sets an amount of bail money that a defendant can pay to avoid haviing to remain in jail while awaiting trial. In this system, judges often set a very high bail amount for defendants they see as having a high risk of not returning for trial. In some American courts, judges are beginning to use AI systems to help decide when - and for how long - criminals should be jailed. 

To create the AI system, reseachers use computers to analyze data from thousands of court cases. The computers then use that data to predict whether a defendant will commit a new crime or fail to return to court. One AI system being used by U.S. judges is called the Public Safety Assessment. The system is designed to give judges the most objective information available to make fair decisions about prisoners. The assessment process begins as soon as a suspect si fingerprinted, with information going into a centralized computer system.  At first hearing from the jailhouse, defendants appear by videoconference and their risk score is presented to the judge. Defendants with lower scores are often released under court supervision until the next court date. Some legal experts have praised the system for keeping dangerous people off the streets, while letting other defendants go free if they are not a safety threat. 

The AI system also aims to reduce biased rulings that could be influenced by a defendant's race, gender or appearance. The risk factors used in the assessment include age and past criminal convictions. But they don't include race, gender, employment backgroud, where a person lives or a history of arrests.

## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/wkSc0M0trkr2Ms9Bfz7P5g

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/52：AI-aided Judges.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 53：How Well Should the Bread Toasted?

## 词汇

- crispy：adj. 脆皮的
- starchy：adj. 含淀粉的
- cereal：n. 麦片
- hazard：n. 危害
- launch：v. 发起
- exposure：n. 暴露
- occasional：adj. 偶尔的
- overcooked：adj. 煮的过久的

## 词组

1）avoid doing sth.：避免做某事

2）well toasted：烤的很熟

3）deeply browned：(煎炸过后) 深褐色

4）be identified as ……：被鉴定为……

He has been identified as the thief：他已被认定为是那个小偷

5）cancer-causing substance：致癌物质

6）be exposed to……：被暴露于……；使接触到……

It is feared that people living near the power station may have been exposed to radiation：人们担心住在发电站附近的人已经接触到了辐射

7）go for：喜欢；选择；努力去获取……

I don't go for war films in a big way：我不太喜欢战争片

There were 200 people going for just three jobs：有 200 个人竞争三个职位

8）launch studies：发起研究

9）better understand sth.：更好地理解某事

## 全文

Many Americans have toasted bread first ting in the morning. For some, the morning meal also includes hash browned potatoes. Or later in the day, they might enjoy potato chips or crispy French fries. But if you like  any these of foods cooked until  they are dark brown in color, you might want to limit how much of them you eat. That is the finding of a British goverment agency. 

The Food Standards Agency (FSA) is urging people to avoid eating burnt or very well toasted bread and deeply browned potatoes.  The danger, the agency says, is when starchy foods are cooked until they are very firm or even burnt. The concern is a chemical called acrylamide. Acrylamide is prodeced naturally in food during cooking at high temperatures. It has been identified as a possible cancer-causing substance. New Scientist magazine reports that high levels of acrylamide are present in starchy foods, like potatoes,  when they are cooked at temperatures over 120 degrees Celsius. 

British researchers note that acrylamide can also be present in breakfast cereals, cookies and coffee. Steve Wearne is the Director of Policy at the FSA. He says most people do not know that the chemical exists or that it could create a health hazard. The FSA launched a study to identify acrylamide exposure in the British population. Researchers found that most people are exposed to too much of the chemical. The said this contact could increase their overall risk of getting cancer. 

The agency even created an expression to help people remember. The FSA suggests people "Go for the Gold" when they prepare starchy foods. Heating bread or potatoes to a golden brown, they claim, is healthier than over-cooking them or burning them. Wearne says the agency is not saying that people should worry "about the occasional meal that's a bit overcooked." He said these suggestions are about controlling rish during one's lifetime. The agency is also urging people to eat fewer high-calorie foods like potato chips, French fries and cookies -- all of which hava acrylamide. Scientists have launch other studies to better understand how acrylamide forms in some overcooked foods and how cooking traditions may affect people.

## 语法

```
“The danger, the agency says, is when starchy foods are cooked until they are very firm or even burnt.”
```

这个句子中when引导的是什么从句呢？

“when starchy foods are cooked until they are very firm or even burnt”在句子中位于be动词之后，作表语。由于引导词在从句中的作用是时间状语，所以用when而不用其他的连接代词或连接副词。

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/jEFMYr7U5rsYIBSfnr2ueQ

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/53：How Well Should the Bread Toasted.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 54：Your Favorite Noodles

## 词汇

- raman：n. 拉面
- flavorful：adj. 可口的
- spice：n. 香料
- seaweed：n. 海带
- buckwheat：n. 荞麦
- preference：n. 偏爱
- birthplace：n. 出生地

## 词组

1）chances  are……：有可能的……

Chances are my parents are throwing a surprise party for me：我父母很有可能要给我办一个惊喜派对

2）be eaten cold：冷着吃

Revenge is a dish best served cold：君子报仇，十年不晚

3）show a preference for：显示出对……的偏爱

Many companies have shown a strong preference for male applications over female ones：相较于女性求职者，许多公司对男性求职者显示出强烈的偏爱

4）the birthplace / home of ……：……的发源地

America is the home of baseball：美国是棒球的发源地

5）a close / tight race：不相上下的 / 非常激烈的竞争

He was involved in a very close race for governor：他卷入了一场非常激烈的州长竞选

## 全文

Do you prefer ramen, pho, or soba? If you live in India, chances are you are most interested in pho -- a Vietnamese soup with a light and flavorful liquid base, rice noodles, spices and meat, such as beef or chicken. If you live in Spain, you are most likely to seek ramen -- a Japanese soup. It is rich and dark, with wheat noodles and toppings such as pork and seaweed. 

Those are some of the findings from a recent Google Trends study. Along with comparing pho and ramen, the search engine company also looked at trends for soba -- thick Japanese noodles made from buckwheat. They can be eaten cold or served hot in a soup. Google measured the percentagtes of all three search terms in 24 countries and 28 cities around the world. It found that google users in India show the strongest preference for pho over the other two kinds of dishes. Pho had 73 percent of searches. Raman had 21 percent, and soba just six percent. The top five areas for ramen searches were Taiwan, the Philippines, Hong Kong, Spain and Mexico.

Japan, the birthplace of ramen, is 11th on Google's ramen list. Google users there search for soba noodles more than any other country. Vietman was not among the 24 countries that Google included in the study. But Ho Chi Minh City was among the cities included in the report. Not surprisingly, it is the top pho city on the list, with 98 percent of searches being for pho. All of the top five ramen cities are in Japan. Number six through nine ,though, are all U.S. cities.

It is a pretty close race between pho and ramen here in the U.S. Pho got 50 percent of Google searches, while ramen had 46 percent. Here in Washington, D.C. there are popular pho and ramen restaurants all over. And people often wait in long lines to eat their favorite bowl of either. But, the winner in America's capital? Pho. The Google report says 61 percent of D.C. searches were for pho; 35 percent for ramen; and four percent for soba.

## 语法



https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/zZC6yK9PAi3t6Ng1PyjhvA

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/54：Your Favorite Noodles.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 55：Happiness of Chickens

## 词汇

- barrier：n. 障碍物
- welfare：n. 福利
- breed：n. 品种
- broiler：n. 肉鸡
- frequency：n. 频率
- track：v. 追踪
- certify：v. 证明
- requirement：n. 要求

## 词组

1）a sign of happiness：快乐的标志

2）a sign of the times：时代的标志

Paying with you mobile phone is a sign of the times：用手机支付是一种时代标志

3）in great pain：处于巨大的痛苦中

4）in despair：绝望

​     in sadness：悲伤

​	in agony：痛苦

5）public image：公众形象

The scandal has ruined the public image of the famous movie star：这条丑闻毁了这会著名明星的公众形象

6）launch a campaign：发起一场运动

7）get sb. to do sth：使某人做某事

We could't get him to sign the agreement even though we'd tried hard：尽管我们努力尝试，但还是没能让他签署协议

8）push for：奋力争取；积极推动

People in that country are pushing for a ban on nuclear testing：那个国家的人们正在努力争取禁止核试验。

## 全文

How do you measure a chicken's happiness? Is it in the way it runs for food? Or by how much time it spends cleaning itself? To find the answers to these questions, researchers in Canada are putting 16 kinds of chickens through a series physical and mental tests. They are watching how well the birds can climb over a barrier for food, how nervous they appear and whether they play with a fake worm. Chickens cannot say how they feel, but researchers believes that playing with the worm might be a sign of happiness. 

Stephanie Torrey is one of the researchers. Torrey said the animal welfare world wants to do more than just reduce suffering. Now researchers aim to learn if and how animals can really enjoyu their lives. Supporters of animals welfare say the poor treatment of chickens begins with birds that have been bred to have breasts so big they cannot fully walk. They say today's chickens are unusually  huge and in great pain. They say the industry needs to change breeds. Many in the chicken industry say there is no problem. They say that broiler chickens -- the most commonly used bird -- may not move around a lot because they do not have a lot of energy.

Even if the industry agreed to change breeds, it is not clear what the new birds should look like. The two sides also disagree about the cause and frequency of health issues among chickens. Stil, animal welfare is becoming a bigger public image concern. Company say they are always looking for ways to take better care of their chickens. University of Guelph researchers are examining chicken qualities such as weight, growth rate and meat quality. They hope the information will be useful to the industry. 

Several companies say they already track chicken health and welfare themselves. Stil, they are interested in the research. The Guelph study is supported by the Global Animal Partnership, which certifies corporate animal welfare requirements. In 2016, it launch a campaign to get companies to change to "slower growing" breeds of chickens. Since then, it has admitted that chicken welfare is more complex than just growth rate. It is now pushing for a "better" chicken, and hopes the study will help define what that means.

## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/V3ULVCseUaOVIHvxZzY5NQ

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/55：Happiness of Chickens.mp3" />
</audio>


# 精听 56：Social Media Sites and Sleep

## 词汇

- disorder：n. 失调
- postdoctoral：adj. 博士后的
- psychiatry：n. 精神病学
- questionnaire：n. 问卷
- participant：n. 参与者
- disturbance：n. 紊乱
- problematic：adj. 有问题的
- interactive：adj. 交互的
- stimulating：adj. 刺激的
- rewarding：adj. 有收获的

## 词组

1）set out to do sth. / on sth.：开始 / 着手做某事

When we set out on this project, I knew it would be difficult：当我们着手展开这个项目时，我们就知道它不简单

2）on average：平均而言

On average, women live between five and seven years longer than men：平均而言，女性比男性的寿命长约五到七年

3）social media site：社交媒体网站

4）report doing sth：称……(做某事)

Witnesses reported seeing three people flee the scene：目击者称看到有三个人逃离现场

5）have problem with sb. / sth.：对……有意见 / 不赞同

I have a problem with people who use their mobile phones on the plane：我看不惯那些在飞机上使用手机的人

6）be problematic with sb. / sth.：对……来说是个问题

Social interaction are really problematic with a lot of children：社交对狠多孩子来说确实是个问题

7）for those / some reasons：处于……的原因

For some reason, they wouldn't let me help them：由于某中原因，他们不让我帮他们

## 全文

A new study has found that social media could be affecting the sleep of young adults. The study is a project of researchers at the University of Pittsburgh's School of Medicine. They found that young people who often use social media are more likely to suffer from sleep disorders than those who use social media less.  The researchers say doctors should ask young adults about their use of social media when treating sleep issues. "This is one of the first pieces of evidence that social media use really can impact your sleep," said Jessica C. Levenson.  She is a postdoctoral researcher in the University's Department of Psychiatry. She was the lead author of a report on the study. 

The researchers set out to examine the connection between social media use and sleep among young adults. Levenson noted that these young adults are possibly the first "generation to grow up with social media." The researchers wanted to find out how often young people used social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, Credit and Tumbler. For the study, they gave quetionnaires to nearly 1,800 adults, aged 19 to 32. On average, members of the study group used socail media sites one hour a day. They also "visited various social media accounts 30 times per week." Thirty percent of the study's participants reported having serious problems with sleeping.

Those people who used social media a lot were three times more likely to have a sleep disorder. And those who spent the most time on social media were two times as likely to suffer from sleep disturbances. Levenson said the number of times a person visits social media is a better predictor of sleep problems than overall time spent on social media. If this is true, she adds, then practices that stop such behaviors may be most effective. Difficulty sleeping may lead to increased use of social media, which may in turn lead to more sleeping problems. This cycle may be particularly problematic with social media. Many forms of social media involve interactive screen time that is stimulating and rewarding and, for those reasons, can keep you awake.



## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/MRApQalYhWx6y9dppCmp7A

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/56：Social Media Sites and Sleep.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 57：Have Contact with Green Space

## 词汇

- vegetation：n. 植物
- satellite：n. 人造卫星
- span：n. 范围
- mathematical：adj. 数学的
- memorize：v. 记忆
- attentive：adj. 专心的
- greenery：n. 绿植
- factor：n. 因素

## 词组

1）make sense：说得通；有道理

Your answer does not make much sense to me ：你的回答在我看来说不通

2）compete for……：为……竞争

I refuse to compete for a guy's affections -- if he likes someone more than me, then I need to move on：我拒绝为一个男人的爱而竞争 -- 如果他喜欢某个人胜过喜欢我，那么我需要向前看

3）over one year：在一年的范围内

4）memory span：记忆广度

5）attention span：注意力持续时间

6）come into contact with：接触到

It was durinig that time that native people first came in/into contact iwth settlers：正是这段时间，当地人第一次接触到定居者

## 全文

It is not a secret that spending time outdoors is good for our health. The more we learn about the benefits of being in nature, the more sense it makes to get outside. This could be especially important for school children.  New research suggests that kids may learn better when they are surrounded by greener spaces. Green spaces are spaces filled with vegetation - like trees, flowers and other plants. 

But these days, outdoor time is competing for a child's attention with indoor activites. Children may find it difficult to resist computers, television and electronic games. So, in many parts of the world children are spending less and less time outdoors. All this indoor activity can hurt a child's physical and mental health. But can it affect how well they do in school? Doctor Payam Dadvand works at the Centre for Research and Environmental Epidemiology in Barcelona. He and his team study how the environment affects health. 

The researchers studies more than 2,600 children from 36 schools in the city. The kids were seven to 10 years old. The researchers used information from satellites to learn how much green space surround each school. Over one year, the children took computerized tests four times. The tests measured memory and attention span. The researchers then created mathematical models to compare the amount of green spaces around the schools with the test scores. The researchers found that the children with higher contact green space had better ability to memorize.  They were also more attentive.

The team believes that good air quality is the main reason for the results. More trees means less air pollution. Schools surrounded by greenery had less air pollution in the classrooms. So, it seems it's not just outdoor time that is goods for children but outdoor time surrounded by clean air. However, some experts question the use of satellite images to determine the amount of green space. Satellite images would not show if  the green spaces are actually useable, such as playgrounds and parks. Also, satellite imags would not show if children actually come into contact with the green spaces. Other experts say this study does not consider other factors tha may play a part in a child's learning environment.

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/ctkN-trEwoiDiSLtJpnZNQ

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/57：Have Contact with Green Space.mp3" />
</audio>


# 精听 58：Specialists or Generalists

## 词汇

- Carrera：n. 职业
- generalist：n. 通才
- specialist：n. 专才
- broad：adj. 广泛的
- versus：v. 相对
- drill：v. 钻研
- recession：n. 衰退
- sector：n. 部门

## 词组

1）a deep understanding of sth.：对某物深入的了解

2）enhance / deepen one's understanding of sth：加深某人对……的了解

Students explore new ideas as they deepen their understanding of the subject：随着对这门课的理解加深，学生们开始探究新的观点

3）drill down：钻研；深究

They did not drill down into the details：他们没有深究细节

4）fairy common situation：较为常见的场景

5）world of work：职场

6）not (all) that different：并没有太大的不同

The film was not (all) that good：那不电影并不怎么好看

7）all is not lost：还有一线希望 / 一线生机

I know things look bad, but all is not lost：我知道事情看起来很糟，但我们还有一线希望

8）keep sth up to date：跟进某物

9）keep sb up to date on / with sth.：使某人了解……的最新情况

## 全文

When trying to make a successful career, which is better: being a generalish or a specialist? In other words, should you generalize and know a little about a lot of things? Or should you specialize and have a deep understanding of only one area? Well, that depends. "So, when we think about generalizing versus specializing in our career, we're really talking about 'Can yoiu do a broad number of tasks?' verus 'Do you drill down and do one specific thing really well?'" That is Natasha Olinger.

 Olinger is a human resource expert in Washington, D.C. She talks about the benefits of both. However, the main reason for specializing is an important one: more money. To explain her way of thinking, Olinger uses a fairly common situation -- choosing a restaurant. Say you want to eat a favorite Japanese meal: sushi. If you go to a restaurant that only serves sushi, you can expect high quality products, and you should also expect to pay more. If you go to a place that serves sushi, tacos and pizza, the quality of the sushi may not be so great, but the prices will probably be lower.

Olinger says the world of work is not all that different. However, she adds that all is not prefect in the world of the specialist. If there is a drop in economic activity or possibly a recession, a generalish may get more jobs offers. So, are some fields best for generalists and others for specialists? Olinger says the size of the organization can be more important than a sector, or industry. Olinger suggests thinking about the size and type of business you would like to work for. Small businesses often need people who can do many things.

Also, companies that are just getting starte often need people who are able to perform many different tasks. But perhaps the best solution is a mix of generalization and specialization. Olinger agrees. She suggests that combining the two may be the best answer. She notes, that a lot depends on where you are in your career. It may be easier to be a generalist when you are younger and then slowly specialize as you get older. However, experts advise workers to keep their skills up-to-date and be willing to make changes, when needed -- no matter what industry you work in or how old you are.

## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/MGTFJSeAPZsRlEtgXf7EpA

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/58：Specialists or Generalists.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 59：Behind Bullying

## 词汇

- permanent：adj. 永久的
- adulthood：n. 成人期
- tension：n. 紧张
- psychiatry：n. 精神病学
- behavioral：adj. 行为的
- deputy：adj. 副的
- permission：n. 允许
- bully：v. 霸凌

- tragedy：n. 悲剧

## 词组

1）when it comes to……：当涉及到；当提到……

2）not the case：不一样，不是那样

It is not the case that she took the car without persmission：她并没有未经允许就开走了那辆车

3）go through：经受就；仔细检查

My mother often goes through my stuff：我妈妈经常检查我的东西

We are more sympathetic towards him because of the terrible events he's gone through：由于他经历的那些糟糕的事件，我们对他更同情了。

4）social  standing：社会地位

A man with a decent job is normally said to be in good social standing：一个有体面工作的人通常认为具有良好的社会地位

5）a health gain：健康上受益

6）permission to：……的许可

We've  received permission to go ahead with the music festival in spite of opposition from local residents：尽管遭到当地居民的反对，我们还是得到了继续举办音乐节的许可

7）online bullying / cyberbullying：网络霸凌

Cyberbullying includes sending, posting, or starting negative, harmful, false, or mean content about someone else：网络霸凌包括发送、发布或分享关于他人的负面、有害、虚假或刻薄的内容

## 全文

A popular expression goes:"What does not Kill us make us stronger." But when it comes to being bullied, that may not be the case. A recent  Duke University report shows that bullying can have permanent effects. The report is based on research that began in 1993. The Great Smoky Mountains study observed 1,420 children from western North Carolina for years. 

The scientists followed the people as they went through childhood to teen years and into young adulthood. The research showed that those who were bullied can develop long-term mental health problems as young adults. It also showed that adults who were bullied as children have higher levels of C-reactive protein, or CRP. CRP is a sign of nervous tension on the body. Higher levels of CRP usually mean health problems later in life. The Great Smoky Mountains study also found something completely new about bullying. It seems that the bullies were healthier than the bullied -- at least when talking about CRP levels.

The study found that those subjects who had never been bullied, but had bullied others, had the lowest levels of CRP. William Copeland led the study. He is a professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Duke University Medical Center in North Carolina. He says a higher social standing for bullies might explain their lower CRP levels. Experts on bullying worry about that message. Catherine Bradshaw is deputy director of the Johns Hopkins Center of the Prevention of Youth Violence in Baltimore, Maryland. She warns that lower CRP levels might just represent a differences in the bullies' basic biology. 

Ms. Bradshaw says that a health gain should not be understood as permission to bully. Mr. Copeland says bullying is a serious childhood experience that is no longer found only at schools and on playgrounds. Online or cyberbullying can make even a child's home feel unsafe. Some children who are bullied have killed themselves. Sometimes bullies even kill their victims. Mexico's president Enrique Pena Nieto is dealing with such a tragedy now. A 12-year old boy died last month a week after he wa s physically bullied at school. The familly of Hector Alejandro Mendez Ramirez say that bullies threw the boy into a wall. He died later of head injuries.

## 语法

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/AxzAW2v5BUn1ZgP_9CrhDg

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/59：Behind Bullying.mp3" />
</audio>

