# 精听 41：Caffeine Interrupts Your Sleep

## 词汇

- caffeine：n.  咖啡因
- interrupt：v. 打断
- cellular：adj. 细胞的
- molecular：adj. 分子的
- expresso：n. 浓缩咖啡
- chronobiology：n. 时间生物学
- wakefulness：n. 清醒
- promote：v. 促进
- mood：n. 情绪
- entire：adj. 整个的

## 词组

1）on many levels：在许多层面上

 Your approach to this problem is inappropriate on so many levels：你解决这个问题的办法在很多层面上都不合适

2）across the pond：穿越大西洋

I'm going across the pond in February, it'll be great：我二月就要横跨大西洋了，简直太棒了

3）up to……：(数目上)多达……；(时间上)一直到……；(水平)达到，接近于……

She worked up to the last minute：她一直工作到最后一分钟

The team did not play up to its best today：这个球队今天没有发挥到自己的最佳水平

4）promote sth.：促进某事发生；宣传

The government has come up with new policies to promote economic growth：政府提出了新政策来促进经济增长

5）play a role in：起到一定作用，扮演一定角色

6）play an important role：起到重要作用

## 全文

Caffeine is the most wildely used drug in the world. Many people drink coffee or tea to help them wake up in the morning. And many others drink caffeine throughout the day to prevent sleepiness. So, it is no surprise that if you get too much caffeine before bedtime, it can keep you awake. It turns  out than interrupting your sleep is bad for your health on many levels, including the cellular level. 

A new study explains how interrupted sleep can affect your mental and physical health. The study also explores how poor sleep can affect the cells in your body. Researchers from the United States and the United Kingdom have joined from across the pond to investigate this issue. The investigators are from the University of Colorado, Boulder in the U.S. and the Medical Research Councila Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, England. They found that caffeinated drinks taken up to three hours before expected bedtime can delay normal sleep times by as much as 40 minutes. The amount of caffeine that disrupted sleep was equal to about two shots of expresso. 

Kenneth Wright is head of the Sleep and Chronobiology Laboratory at the University of Colorado Boulder. Mr. Wright warns some caffee drinks sold in coffee shops usually contain more caffeine than that. Scientists have known for a long time that  caffeine keeps you awake. Caffeine affects the chemicals in the brain that control wakefulness. Caffeine also blocks chemicals in the brain that promote, or cause you to sleep. And interrupted sleep is not good for you. Not getting enough sleep can affect a person's mood. It also disrupts the body's natural sleep-wake cycle called the circadian rhythm. Your body's circadian rhythm is found in cells throughout the entire body. So, when  caffeine disrupts you circadian rhythm, it affects hormone production and the re-growth of new cells in the human body. And this can play a role in many health problems - from obesity to diabetes to cancer.

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/jw9oolbzTOEUe3EY9Kw7JA

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/41：Caffeine Interrupts Your Sleep.mp3" />
</audio>



# 精听 42：Touching Arts

## 词汇

- impaired：adj. 受损的
- fine：adj. 精美的
- journalism：n. 新闻
- podcast：n. 博客
- trace：v. 勾画
- marking：n. 标记
- tangible：adj. 可触知的
- dimension：n. 维度
- scan：v. 扫描
- sculpt：v. 雕刻
- relief：n. 浮雕
- hang：v. 悬挂

## 词组

1）visually impaired：视力受损的；有视力障碍的

2）hearing impaired：听力受损的

3）mental impaired：智力受损的

4）fine art：艺术，美术(尤指绘画、雕塑) / 美术作品

He is studying fine art：他在学习美术

an exhibiton of fine art：美术作品展览

5）live life to the fullest / full：尽情享受生活

6）……to the full：充分地；完全地

We need to exploit this opportunity to the full：我们需要充分利用这一机会

7）make the art tangible：使作品变得可触摸

8）tangible evidence / proof：确凿的证据

9）tangible benefits：实实在在的好处

10）take up：占用时间或者空间

I will not take up too much of your time：我不会占用你太多的时间

These files take up a lot of disk space：这些文档占用了很多的磁盘空间



## 全文

An American photograhper is making copies of great artwork available for blind individuals and those with very poor eyesight. At least 285 million people worldwide are either blind or considered visually impaired. They are  unable to see or enjoy visual final art.

Romeo Edmead lost his eyesight when he was only two years old. But that has not stopped him from living life to the fullest. He went to college and studied journalism. He now lives in New York and produces a podcast about the city. He depends heavily on his others senses. But he cannot exprience the great works of art in New York City. Romeo is now able to use his fingers to trace art paintings. He can get an idea of the appearance by following the makings. 

John Olson once worked as a photographer for LIFE magazine. He developed a printing process to make the art of Da Vinci and Van Gogh tangible for visually-impaired individuals. "I began to realize how important images have been to me, what they have allowed me to do. And it caused me to wonder what it was like for the blind, not having access to images." 

Olson's company is called 3D Photoworks. It produces copies of artwork in three dimensions: height, width and depth. Olson says this is how the process works. First, a painting is scanned, and a 3D computer image is created. Then it is sent to a machine that digitally scuplts it. Then the original image is printed on top of the relief. The whole process can take up to four weeks. Olson says that creating art in this way gives a blind person a new experience. "When a blind person can interact with art and create their own opinions, it's freedom to them. It represents freedom, independence. People tell us it's a basic civil right." A painting called "Washington Crossing the Delaware" shows a major event during America's Revolutionary War with Britain. Romeo Edmead just experienced the painting for the first time. Thanks to new technology, 3D art may soon hang in art museums all over the world. It gives the visually-impaired the chance to experience the beauty of visual art.

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/skzo0pyD9ym74lAWM4omxg

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/42：Touching Arts.mp3" />
</audio>


# 精听 43：Gratifying Climate Changes

## 词汇

- rainfall：n. 降雨
- stretch：v. 延伸
- worsen：v. 恶化
- atmosphere：n. 大气层
- pattern：n. 模式
- mind-boggling：adj. 令人难以置信的
- erratic：adj. 不稳定的
- instability：n. 不稳定性
- fossil：n. 化石

## 词组

1）extend to：延伸至

 Has the leak in the kitchen extended to the living room now too：厨房的漏水现在已经蔓延到客厅了吗？

2）no limit：无极限

His talent has no limit：他的才能没有极限

3）what will happen when……：何时会发生什么

We don't know what will happen and when it will happen：我们不知道会发生什么，也不知道什么时候发生。

4）be perpared for sth.：为某事做准备

I'll well prepared for the worst：我已经为最坏的情况准备好了。

5）shake sth. up：给某事带来(相对剧烈)的变动

The new manager shook the office up and made things run a lot better：新来的经理对办公室进行了大整改，让一切都运作的更好了

## 全文

The Sahel is one of the direst areas in Africa, but that may change if Earth's surface temperatures rise more than two degrees Celsius. Scientists say the Sahel could turn greener, with more plant life, because the higher temperatures would lead to more rainfall. More than 100 million people live in the Sahel. It strethches coast to coast --  from Mauritania and Mali in western Africa to Sudan and Eritrea in the east. The Sahel extends to the southern edge of the Sahara desert.

In recent years, the area has experienced worsening extreme weather. That includes mroe droughts -- periods of little or no rainfall. Some scientists are very concerned about pollution from greenhouse gases -- gases that trap heat in Earth's atmosphere. They warn that if such gases continue to increase with no limits, rising temperatures could change weather systems in the Sahel and other areas. Some weather models predict a small increase in rainfall for the Sahel. But there is a risk that the entire weather pattern will change by the end of the century. That is the opinion of researchers at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research.

The size of the possible change is "mind-boggling," says the institute's Anders Levermann. If the Sahel receives mroe rainfall, it will mean more water for agriculture, industry and personal use. But in the first few years leading up to more rain, the area is likely to experience very erratic weather. That may mean extremely dry periods followed by destructive floods, the researchers said. They added that because it is hard to know what will happen when, it makes it hard for people to plan for these changes.Levermann said any extreme change would create a huge challenge to the Sahel. More than 100 million people who may be affected already face many "instabilities, including war," he said. There are a number of possible outcomes, which depend on the climate that eventually develops and whether people in the Sahel are perpared for changes, said scientist Jacob Schewe. "Climate change from burning fossil fuels really has the power to shake things up," he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.

## 问答

https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/pefD_7sKpB5aQAiU7Nj_UA

<audio controls="controls">
  <source type="audio/mp3" src="./audio/43：Gratifying Climate Changes.mp3" />
</audio>












